Pray and grant Him peace,
to his family, his Companions and all that is higher.
Protect me today through Him, against all aggression.
Bring me today through Him, the righteousness.
Pray on Him and grant peace to the wise man.
Protect me with his dignity from the evil of people.
Give me the fortune you chose for me.
Guide me in all the business to undertake.
Be my refuge for what is apparent or hidden.
And make me win in all circumstances.
Protect me against the evil of people,
give them the good here (in the underworld) and give them Your help over there (the hereafter).
May my heart be alive, and protect me against all evil
that can happen in time.
Guide me to the right way by his grace (the Prophet)
and grant me concordance in all affairs, O Lord!
Turns all my bad into good,
by his grace (the Prophet) and lead me to the right.
By the grace of the Prophet give me
a better behavior forever.
By his grace, follow me his word 
and his deeds. O Lord! and the competition to make good.
Through Him, let me follow his word and his acts,
and his behavior, O Lord! You have all the power.
Lord makes that all my word
and my writings on you and on him,
to be a pure adoration, accepted,
and acceptable to you and to Him.
Give me today by his the immense greatness 
the power of getting rid of doubt, to consecrate myself to You here as a servant.
Before You and Him, erases my personality and my existence
and let me forever beside Your Messenger.
Pray O Lord on the Chosen One.
grant Him peace continually.
Give me the sciences and the acts with politeness,
protect me with what is lawful.
Pray O Lord on the one we know.
Grant Him peace by paying homage to Him.
O Lord, protect me against the bad mouth
the eye, the magic and all the harmful things.
O Lord, pray on the honored.
Grant Him peace, O the Generous.
Take away from me by his grace all that hurts.
Bring to me through him all that is useful.
O Lord on the Generous,
grant Him peace by the glorification.
Grant me by his grace a long life,
with accepted worship and the remoteness of evil.
O Lord, pray on Yasiina (the Prophet).
grant Him peace and us righteousness.
Separate me, by his grace, from everything
which is bad when it manifests itself.
O Lord pray on our guide by Your Clemency
and double its privileged place to me.
Makes me from today and tomorrow
like the Companions in their prayer and their fasting.
O Lord pray on Muhammad
with a durable and renewable peace.
On his family and his Companions,
and grant me by his grace, the best end of life.