O my God! I call upon You by consideration for the Chosen, the noble and generous, O my God!
and out of consideration for your friend Abraham, O my God!
Out of consideration for your Contact Musa Salih, Khadr
Chouaïb and Ismail, O my God !
In consideration of Solomon, Noah, Jonah, Yasa,
Zakaria and John the Baptist, O my God!
Haron, Joshua, Elijah, Adam, David,
Dul kifli, Jesus, Lot, O my God!
By Joseph and Isaac, and other prophets
and apostles who are like, O my God!
For all the angels, then their elite,
Gabriel, by Michel, O my God!
And the blower [the trumpet] Izrafil
by the abductor of the Izra'îl soul of living beings, O my God!
Through the companions [of the Prophet] and the saints
and all the teachers of the law, the scholars, O my God!
By [Abu Bakr], the true, by [Omar], the separator [good and evil],
then the man with two lights [Usman], then [Aliun] the father of two Small-son [the Prophet]
By Malik [Ibn'Anas] the very distinguished, by [Muhammad ibn Idris] Achafi,
Abu Hanifah, Ahmad [Ibn Man-hal] the praiseworthy, O my God!
By the table, by the well-guarded Feather,
then your throne huge and headquarters, O my God!
By the Qur'an, the Thawra by the Psalms of David
and the Gospel of Jesus the Spirit, my God!
Spread achieve the blessing and salvation [for me] to Him [Prophet],
to his companions and his wives, O my God,
Lord! Send down upon us the veil of healthy,
hear our prayers here and in the hereafter! O my God!
Opener benefits us all door
opened by you to the righteous! O my God!
Calls us to the right path. Prevents us any missteps
hunting from us jinn and satan! O my God!
Give us completely get everything we want,
and all we want to achieve that goal. Give us all that we have to choose, O my God!
Smoothed for us any trouble and any complications
Solve the difficult problem any better! O my God!
Grant us a long life! Give us good health!
bring us the right direction and happiness! O my God!
Crush all enemies who want to harm us
before they reach us, O my God!
Be our protector against all causes of death.
Save us from all evil and forever, O my God!
Preserve us of any damage, any loss, suffocation, of all events,
the earthquake, the misery and poverty! O my God!
Preserve us [as] the degradation, lack of stumbling,
defeat, misery, thirst and hunger! O my God!
Preserve us from the competition, the outbreak of the fire and the
drowning,lightning, theft and grief, O my God!
Preserve us from the heat, cold, looting, calamity, revenge,
of delusion, of claudication and sorrow, O my God!
Preserve us insects, sin, loss, false move,
the transformation monsters, slander, O my God!
Preserve us from derangement, madness, the illness, disease,
two kinds of leprosy, physical decline, O my God!
Preserve us the ugliness of this world and reveals the beyond,
and their scandal, my God! O my God!
O you who can do anything, you who installed on your great throne
by the coercive force! O my God!
I ask you a gifted heart for You a holy reverence,
modesty and a very useful science, O my God!
I will also request a certified repentance, a high place,
a virtuous and pious woman, O my God!
In that protects us against the evil of the envious,
the mouth and one in the eye! O my God!
Be our shelter against evil magic, the created beings, men and jinn
and those of venomous creatures, O my God!
O my Confidence! I take you in both houses for a safe haven
Be my place of refuge! O my God!
Do not abandon me to myself! [If you do], I perish.
Be the one who hears wherever I cry. O my God!
Make my tongue and my heart in faith,
say your name when I die! O my God!
My certainty Shore securely without anguish in my heart
until I really want to meet you, O my God!
Make my death is a source of rest and joy that keeps me away from harm
and any binding calamity! O my God!
Watch over my heart when the soul leave me.
And in the fall, does not make him undergo a test, O my God!
Be my help and my companion when they buried my body
and I am left alone ! O my God!
Do envelope point me to what might scare me but instead
protects me against what I fear, O my God!
save me, all Muslims together.
Save my mother! Amen! Oh my God!
Forgive us and her! Hide our vices.
Be gracious to us and for her in the rout, O my God!
Let our sins and his unpunished! Have mercy
She did other than You. And you're right, O my God!
Purgatory and in the fall, be our support.
And tests and fear saves us! O my God!
Do not make him suffer it can not bear:
Do not mistake his hope in you! O my God!
And that we Should water in the source kawthara given by you to whom
you have chosen between the creatures in their entirety! O my God!
The One who guided in the right way the lost, who killed the miscreant
who helped who fear thee, O my God
[I called] Muhammad, the finest selected, our guide to eternal paradise,
the day of the Rally, O my God!
Grant unto him, forever and forever blessing and salvation
and those who follow him to the Day of Judgment, O my God!