Anyone who is doing me a favor or visiting,
grant him salvation and forgive him his sins.
Whoever loves me or leans towards me,
give him guidance or fortune.
Anyone who insults or blames me,
help him to repent and to submit.
Anyone who has negative prejudices against me,
turn his heart to my favor, O my Lord!
Preserve me from evil of all creatures
and preserve them from mine. Amen O Lord!
Make my edifice an edifice of salvation
which leads me to pure benefits.
Make my edifice a place of knowledge,
an application of the knowledge in conformity with the Tradition of the Prophet and the magnanimity.
Make my construction a place of righteousness
and protect me from the conspiracy of any transgressor.
Protect me, all my life, against the evil of Satan
and his supporters who oppress throughout the country.
Protect me against anyone who does not seek Your agreement;
Divert him as soon as he appears.
Quickly turn away from my authority and my home
everything that corrupts, wherever it comes from.
Keep what cleans up under my authority
and in my house, by respect of the guide, the faithful.
Make me triumph as well as the one who sustains me,
and preserve me from everything that humiliates me.
Protect my home against the perverts
and make sink abundant water for the inhabitants.
Make it, Lord, a prosperity here below
which leads to another in the afterlife.
O Living, the Suffice! Hear my prayer!
It is You who answers prayers, the Generous, the Near.
It is to You exclusively that I fled all others;
Guide me to your guidance.
Be a lord for me, an ally and a defender
as well as for all Muslims, O You who sees everything!
Multiply the goods and the substance of this terroir
and save it from misadventure.
Make sure there are always people that are doing
the five prayers diligently, O Sage!
Save us from misdeeds of this epoch
and others as well as any misfortune.
Preserve us from harm coming from Christians and Jews,
as well as that of Satan and every unbeliever.
From the jinn, from the Antichrist,
From Blacks, from Whites from the East, from  the West.
From the one coming from all that is on earth and in heaven,
That is visible or invisible.
O God! The Generous, the Majestic!
Treat us all with Your magnificent Goodness.
Lead us, all towards salvation and success
and put us on the right path of righteousness and piety.
Make us to love the actions You love,
and preserve us from those You hate.
Never experience any of us
from what is beyond his capacity, O Eternal!
Procure us prosperity, success and salvation
in both dwellings.
By the respect of this day and for the One who was born there
and to whom we have never found an equal.
In this case Muhammad who is the best creature of God
Without doubt or ambiguity.
Give him the best Blessing at all times
through which we accompany the virtuous trustworthy.
Make us conform
at his orders and forbidden.
Until our actions are consistent
to the Prophet's Tradition.
Preserve us, by the respect of Him,
from pretension, lies and distraction.
Protect us from passion and what does not concern us;
and let us, through You, spend our life from anyone else, O you who procures wealth!
O God! Your forgiveness that we hope so much
can encompass the dreadful sins of a troublemaker.
O God! Your clemency inspires us with more hope than actions
that we can accomplish. So forgive us.
As well as to all Muslims men 
and women, at any time.
Do not blame us for our misbehavior,
our audacity in disobedience and our lack of seriousness.
That, even if we are faulty by daring, we rely only on You.
So be to our side by favor.
Do not blame us either for our many unnecessary concerns,
in public as in private, nor for our diversion.
Protect us against the epidemic
and against everything that comes down from heaven.
As well as all that revolves around the earth 
and that is between them (the sky and the earth), O Master of Heaven!
Attract our hearts and the members of our body to righteousness
and piety by the respect of the Prophet, the good counselor.
Give him the purest blessing
which spares us from the epidemic and the locusts.
And to his family and his companions with a better salute,
and surround my house with Your Protection. Oh Soothing!
Purify my soul and give me more knowledge
which gets rid of the anguish of the two dwellings.
Purify my heart, strengthen my modesty
and make me spend all my life in obedience, O Lord!
Gratify me with an abundant generosity comparable to 
that of the cloud, in both easy and difficult situations.
O my God, the Benefactor, the highest Companion!
Train me today in the most useful way.
By the respect of the Intercessor, the favorite,
for his family, his Companions, and the month of Rajab.
Give me intimacy and strong faith
by the respect of intimacy with strong faith (Abu Bakr).
Gratify me for truthfulness and success
by the respect of that successful, uncompromising. (Umar)
Grant me bliss in both dwellings
by the respect of Othman, the recipient of the two lights.
By the respect of Imam Ali,
give me a great reputation in both dwellings.
O Lord! O Lord! O Lord!
O Lord! O Lord! Approved my poem!
By the respect of Hassan and Hussein
as well as to all the Companions of the Prophet.
