The Clement honored me in a way that totally freed me
from all evil and my mystical graces flowed in abundance.
I have spoken to my Lord during the Ramadan,
month of safety, hope and thanksgiving.
I returned actions(shares) to God in a way which chased away,
for ever and with difficulty Satan far from us towards others.
The hearts of all the blessed turned to the nuisance
of others than me and my wishes are fulfillled.
The heart of all the blessed like my Lord,
provider of good, moved towards me.
Against those who had unjustly persecuted me,
have turned the persecution just like the chains.
Persecution and trials are over for me
the goodness of Him that is enough for me and gave me after a sweet existence.
That is why I thank Him until the Paradise
house of supreme aspiration, security and benefits.
All my being, I am grateful to Him. I swear it on the Holy Book.
Without quarrels nor complaints.
I have spoken to Him in private to honor Him 
He who does not stop being useful and generous.
It is HE whom I speek here in private,
with certainty and quiet heart.
You carried me help. It's beacause You are the Auxiliary
You erased my vice it is that You are the Seer.
The Eternal! You have given me in the month of Ramadan,
abundantly what I wanted to get from You before.
You have made me all I wanted in this month
and You have distant any source of persecution of me.
You gave me a favorable answer You who is too high
to fall in the sleep. And You concretized this response.
For love of your generous face, bring the enjoyment
to the believers and realize their hope.
In granting blessings and peace to the prophet,
herald of the good news "urbi" and "orbi".
O Friend! gives enjoyment to the Muslims!
O You who moved away far from me persecution and sadness!
You have removed all the trials I endured.
O You who accept my best wishes.
After giving blessing and salvation, saves
the Chosen family (from claws) of their hateful enemies.
Out of consideration for the prophet leveled their all difficulties
because all you facilitate is easy (to get).
The one who speaks to You is an admirer servant of your Admirer (the prophet)
and who hopes to obtain the consecration of its wishes from you.
They are the blessed those who obtained from the Sovereign, the good,
The unfortunates those who have fallen in the damnation.
The blessed are honored to Paradise
and the wicked are overthrown to hell.
Those who abandon the worship due to God will be in hell of Him to whom,
whoever disobeys him, will meet from him the damnation.
He will be tired whoever will want to destroy what was built by
The one whom the host is not persecuted.
The salary of whoever confronts to Master of the Throne will be tears.
Because everything being that He makes cry, will cry.
Those who will be made unfaithful and will have refused 
to repent, will see the prize of their acts.
Their stomachs will be inhabited by scorpions 
and each of them will drink in a source of pus.
To all muslims (men and women)
the light of That in private felt them the darkness.
It is these elected who will be left eternally to the Paradise
and they will know an eternal happiness.
They will see becoming a reality all their wishes and they will not lose any more their happiness.
And all are going to bask in the enjoyment.
Their hope will be realized and they will possess
For ever what king has never seen.
Their building will be high and will not be lowered
while the enemy of the Most High will be lowered.
In God believe and make you Muslims together!
Act, please, for love of the Eternal.
He is the God. He is the Clement.
And He is the Merciful and belongs to Him the periods.
That He receives from me deep thanking and the most useful praises.
I make in my quality of servant of the Chosen, the grateful admirer.
I gave up in all freedom to beleive that all is allowed
for the One who protected me against the barking dogs owners.
I thank Him and he brought me the saints 
as protected me against the war and the controversy.
Glory to Him the Noble the Praiseworthy 
and whoever do not love me will know the sorrow.
That He grants the salvation to the one who directs no evil to me
and in his favor to which God protected me from illusions.
I received the salary of the one who is too high
too be represented and who granted me what ignore my parents.
Praises to God endlessly for having giving us
the son of Abdallah the the magnificent.
The superiority of the Chosen is only hidden to the one 
that my damnation cover of darkness.
By love for the Chosen, I rejected what I was able to divert towards others,
as Satan who is ran away.
I threw down the edifice of falsehood with truth. And falsehood has vanished. 
And I have my God who has filled  me the cup of my beverage.
I have make of my Lord, my King Master of everything. 
My state belongs to Him as my acts and my intentions.
I have sent to God and the Apostle
those who oppose to the truth and I obtained what I would like.
God has exempted me from any associationism and of
any hypocrisy and assured my entrance to the Paradise.
God has exempted from vices of my soul by the Prophet
a blessing and an endless salvation be granted him.