Praise be to God who reward those who do good,
Through His Benefaction and His Bliss.
May his salvation and prayer be granted to the eminent Prophet,
to his family and companions, the faithful servants.
On this day I express my deep gratitude to God
And my infinite love for his Privileged Servants.
Reason for which, in imploring the Generous Lord, their reward
By the grace of the eminent Prophet, I say this:
O our Lord! O our Lord! O Our Lord!
O our Lord! O our Lord! O our Beloved!
Grant Your Salvation to the Best Creature Muhammad,
To His Familiy and His Companions, the Adorers of God.
Forgive us our sins, to me and to all Muslims, men
and women. O You who forgive and grant the Assistance!
Consent to grant the wishes of all those who devote themselves relentlessly
to my service and fulfill their aspirations.
Promote them of Faith, of Religious Practice and of Spiritual Perfection,
in the same way as Success and Submission to God.
Pay them from me, by rewarding them with Your Forgiveness,
Honors and your Enjoyment.
Lead them to Righteousness and Benefits,
Turn them away from perdition and misfortune.
Forgive them all their errors and sins,
and gratify them all together with a pure heart.
Grant to them at all times Your Assistance in all
their spiritual and earthly affairs.
Do not hold them rigorous of their transgressions,
in public and in secret, O Most Honorable One!
Greatly open the doors of useful Knowledge
which preserves them from tarnishes and turpitudes.
Grant them a Perennial Happiness,
O You the Good, O You the Generous who hear prayers!
Orient their hearts toward obedience to God,
through Science and the Good Works accomplished at all times.
This, through the Grace of the Prophet Muhammad, the Best Creature,
and that of the august month of Ramadan.
Through the Grace of His Family, all of his Companions
and that of all Your obedient Worshipers.
Grant Peace and Salvation to the Prophet,
To His Familiy and His Companions, and then honor them more.
As long as the Service rendered consits a ladder leading to
Felicity, Salvation and Elevation ...