Thanks to the Quran, I live with my Lord, the Incomparable Auxiliary, 
I gained full control of my soul and expelled Satan, the outcast. 
In this world, I just take my sacrament only for Paradise;
and I conquered my passion and my heart completely purified. 
In the Hereafter, the Righteous will be my companions 
and I will forever be given the means to fulfill. 
The Qur'an will remain my true companion up to the third Heavens 
as he drove away from me, Satan, the Stoned. 
My Shield against the curse and the wicked is the fact 
that I live with the Creator of the Worlds. 
The Innovator, through His Book, honor 
and preserve me from any source of Reprimand. 
So I would do know, until I went to Paradise, 
that Joy provided by the Sublime, Benefactor. 
Would I, nor, subject to any sort of threat or Remonstrance, 
and my existence will be up to Paradise, Permanent Celebration. 
GOD conceal the mystery for me, Well Kept (Sirru-l-Mas'un) 
by Love and by the phrase "Laa ilaaha Laah illa" (There is no other god but God). 
GOD directed me [on His Path] - While it remains the Innovative!- 
and He led me to Him through all sorts of Wonders. 
The Creator, THE SAME which no one has seen the pair, 
made me free from everything that is not Him and led me [on the Straight Way]. 
While the Book of my Lord is in my favor 
and there is no doubt that I will remain forever in its service because it was through it that I live with GOD. 
My strict abstinence from any source of corruption 
is my Bulwark against contamination and harm. 
While God has honored me by His Book by building and by what He has deisgned chosen in me, 
and to me He has drained the crowds. 
My Shield against the curse and the wicked is the fact 
that I live with the Creator of the Worlds. 
The miracles of the Holder of Majesty 
and Nobility have never perpetuated my noble ambitions. 
*God has granted me that, ever, was 
and will never be granted to no creature.*
In any circumstance have I doubt my capacity to live with the Innovative - 
that His creation is Wonderful! 
The Favors I obtained from GOD exist anywhere in the universe, 
and this is where my success is . 
GOD HIMSELF Led me to GOD, with no illusions, 
and has approved all my life. 
My enemies and the envious were all disappointed in their expectations 
while I Award the recipient of my service without any kind of bankruptcy. 
Thanks to the Koran, God, The Remaining, preserved me against all ruin 
and my transaction with HIM will never slump of. 
By His Grace and Infinite by the phrase "Laa ilaaha illa Laah" 
God will never allow my soul deviate far from my person. 
God, he who remains in my favor, I paid the salary [of my service to the Prophet], 
and my person has purified our age. 
I will dwell forever with my Lord through the [Holy Book written] in Arabic 
and is excellent with me near HIM. 
God, he who has enlightened my soul, has entrust me Islam 
in deposit during my exile in the islands. 
It has continued to flood my being the Light of Arabic and the Holy Book 
every time during my Service to the Prophet among the people of the Book (the colonists). 
The Revelation of Truth Intangible (the Quran) to Muhammad, the Intercessor Dealer, 
is enough for me as a shield against damage and the guns. 
GOD Directed and has chased out of my life satan, the Forsaken; 
How AUXILIARY Excellent!