I decided to totally return to the Generous,
who blames in the most honorable way. That's why I proclaim his Glory:
I qend to You my thanks,
taking the date of 1306H as the date of these thanks.
Because it was on this date that You rid me of nonsense and pride.
You, the Almighty, who has tamed the proud.
You mortified me, which allowed me to access "Barzakh".
Exchange all my sins for a reward.
You the only one capable of reducing powder a gigantic mountain.
Subject to me every proud aggressor.
Dispel any vain oppressor by the sword of him (the Prophet)
who struck the skull of those who disobey You.
By the sword of him who perpetuated submission to You
and subjugated those who disagree with You.
After sheltering with You in his name (the Prophet),
make me a Sheikh You the guide who makes Sheikhs.
In His Name, subject me all the Proud
and grant me a gift that shames a fiery torrent.
In his name, rule out from me the enemies,
You, the only one able to immobilize everything that moves.
You have removed me from the darkness that obscures the nights,
I thank You with pride.
You have removed for me all nuisance and defilement,
brings good news to anyone anchored in the right path.
I am fully satisfied with You,
perpetuate my well-being and make me someone who has been rescued.
I changed what You stripped of all value against Your Auguste Face.
Make it listen to all those who are deaf.
This contract was concluded
and will never be terminated.
O the Enricher who led me to happiness,
take away all the proud from me.
You have been in my rescue during my exile, it is thanks to Your help
that I have become like a lion among the enemies, offer me a feast!
Grant me what strengthens me
and tames all intriguing and proud.
Subject to me any polytheist
deceived and proud.
Dispatch him the armies and by your revenge
requires him to the submission.
Listen (Lord) the call of a stricken stranger who implores Your help.
Make him a man who has been rescued.
Make a constant and degrading torture to those
whose religion has become tainted and obsolete.
Spread in the name of the one (the Prophet) who never ceases to be a lion who breaks the heads of his enemies,
the call of an assaulted man who is a totally devoted servant.
Here I am, a stranger who asks You,
the best Justicer to punish my enemies.
Best blessings and constant peace
to him (the Prophet) who unsheathed the saber of the holy war,
I mean Muhammed who corrected me entirely,
as well as to his family and Companions.