My ink and my pens return to the ONE Who distant waves
as He drove Satan and anguish and ignorance.
GOD shielded(subtracted) me from the danger which harms in all the creatures
my refuge is in the Eternal Who blessed my service.
I am saved from hell and Satan both combined,
and reaching the rank of the servants of the One who holds the Highest Eminence.
I have the ambition, through my panegyric to honor the One whose donations have reached me
and which certainly I am one of His own because of what He reserved me.
To devote myself to the worship of the RICH Whose the existence of a fellow man is completely absurd
and Who, down here as in the Afterlife, The MAGNIFICENCE shows itself in me.
I banned the emphasis by respect for God - His Majesty is AUGUSTE! -
about my panegyric at the One whose praise dispels the affliction.
GOD subjected for me the time by the Grace of the Chosen the Most Pure (Al Mustafaa);
for him the two Prays of the Eternal and in any place.
My belief protects me from the doubt secretly and obviously
and my Lord granted me, in the name of the Prophet, joy and security.
It is for my right hand a tribute of papers to popularize the
Traditions of intercessor who protected me against the unjusts, without prejudice.
I exult because I gained spiritual insight by His inspiration
and I, for my part, abundantly watered the Purest of its Waters.
My Lord shortened the duration of my spiritual trip by his Grace [the Prophet]
it is obvious that the most efficient service came back to me, after having been escaped [to others].
I shortened the Way of the men (people) of spirituality when I made His panegyric
And HE realized me the wishes by the purification [of the soul] and liberality.
It falls to me a beautiful service at the place of the Magnificent Person, made Magnificent,
and, for the FACE of my LORD, MASTER of creatures, PROVIDER OF BEAUTY.
I granted  my grace(favor) for the Only FACE of GOD, with the purity of my heart
and I said, for the satisfaction of one whose traces are followed (Al Muqaffaa) and whose coming [was highly desired].
That both the Sustainable Salutes of the ONE WHO MAKES PERFECT be granted to the Chosen the Most Pure (Al Mustafaa)
and to his family and companions whose profit is identical to mine.
LORD! towards to the One who is the Chosen, the Best (Al Mukhtaar), what he preferred
grant him peace and safety(salute) and increase its nobility.
Send joy to the One who is the Selected (Al Muntaquaa) and grant him the BEST,
then, in my case, approved me the service and magnifies it.
I say: O my God! Please grant frome me pray and salvation
to Him who is the Selected and his faction whose love is my secret.
Make towards to Him Gifts(donations) Above its favors,
increase for Him the the brightness of its Elegance in its Beauty.
Decree in his Favor, by my service, that I am the Enjoyment of his family
and his companions, his Enjoyment for Him and that of his partisans.
Address him a Prayer accompanied by a Salute, for his family
and his companions, O YOU UNIQUE Whose Greatness is beyond any comparison!
My profit is the panegyric of Him whose praise is a Booty and certainly
until I went to Heaven, I will be overjoyed.
I submitted my situation to God, by the service of Him that is a Scale
and to whom I am faithful and submitted in my entirety.
This is the Messenger, the Illustrious who were not measured,
The Ennobled, the Carrier of Good News in the Good and the Warning against evil.
He refreshed me in the cutting of Areopagus of spirituality,
HIM Who illuminated my mind by my quality of servant of the One who once comforted me.
I am saved from all enemies, taking refuge to me with my Lord,
and no Doors of God is not closed.
That the salute is on the Eraser [of sins] whom dissipated the darkness,
namely Muhammad, messenger for the Exhortation and the Threat.
Lord protected me against my enemies through Him, It's a Brave Lion,
and the culprit went for ever to one other than I because of Him.
And through Him the lover and the subject come to me;
Muhammad, the Chosen, the Best (Al Mukhtaar), humble (the rebel) and honors (the stake).
he is a Distinguished Figure Beside the MASTER, the VERY HIGH - He is elected in first rank.
He has the Sweetness in the Strength and the Cheerfulness in the Assault.
My gratitude goes to my Lord,
He who brought what I wanted deliberately of the Cleaner [of sins] thanks to Whom I reached the high rank.
Anyone who is doomed to damnation goes to someone other than me by the grace of Him who is the Selected,
and by Him the blessed and the devotee come to me.
He has the Primacy, the Superiority, the Closeness and the Audience;
He confuses all the time the one who walks over to me without good intentions.
I abandoned the enemies and GOD illuminated my heart;
He erased for me the evil and harm.
To redeem myself [of the evil] God put in my place one who expressed hatred against me,
and by the grace of the one who is the Selected (Al Muntaqaa), He purified all my defects.
My happiness is irrevocably decreed by the Grace of GOD
on Its Tablet [well guarded], without trap or concern.
It falls to my pens a tribute service for my happiness;
and the service I give to HIM pulled me from distraction and erased my imperfections.
I tamed, by the grace(favor) of my LORD, those whom HE sentences to the punishment
I assert that the Best Creature constitutes my completeness and the Clemence from Whom I benefit
My will is turned to God to serve the Best of creatures
which gave me the best freedom.
I implored my Lord Who provides the applicant
and He pushed to another, by the grace of the prophet, every criminal.
God has fullfilled my prayer in the glory of the well-guided
I shall clear up the truth for the FACE GOD to any conformist.
The Obedience to the Lord Who made access to the conjunction people in the Right Direction
through me, pushed me to the panygeric of the  One Who is an Example.
The Eternal has favored me with the great virtue
and anything that causes the defect was headed to another than me.
I say - while my good deeds come back to Him who is the Chosen, the Best (Al Mukhtaar)
who  is a torch to mine by the Sublime Sciences.
I worship my LORD, by doing a service to the Intermediary,
namely Muhammad that removes calamities by eradication.
I start to invoke the Chosen, the Most Pur (Al Mustafaa) courteously
and he certainly distant enemies, the cohort of deniers.
O you Messenger of God! You asked God, my Lord, in my favor,
graces beyond my expectation and my expectation is hardly disappointed.
O Prophet! You away from the corrupt creatures, by God, to another than me,
without compromise, being satisfied with my writing.
In servant, in the middle of the enemies, I humbled myself at the UNIQUE
the DOMINATOR Who grants good Guided before this year.
The LORD Who, by Your grace (the Prophet), has fullfilled my prayer, enslaved my tongue in devotion,
as well as HE has purified my heart to the profession of DEVINE Unit.
It is by your Grace(Favor) that the LORD subjected me for ever
jealous that turned to any other than me, joining in the hatred.
On The Elected, the Purest (Al Mustafaa), who routed the enemy in the fight,
both prayers of the NOBLE-GENEROUS Who counts me among His people.
I granted my grace(favor) and I am, as for me, a holder of enjoyment among his own,
Being happy, obeyed, enjoying His conjunction.
On Him, the prayer accompanied with the Salute, as well as on his family
and his companions, who are lions for the enemies, the inveterate rebels.
You dispelled distress, defeated ignorance, poverty, punishment
and You granted me - O You who are the Chosen,  the Best (Al Mukhtaar), the most licit of the wealth.
My praise is sent to GOD and to You to whom returns the panegyric,
I say - My intention being the gratitude in houses all the time.
O my Lord! Thou hast heard by the Grace of Selected (Al Muntaqaa) my wishes,
grant me the recognition and healthy existence.
To YOU the recognition and the Glorification - O You the SUPREME SOVEREIGN!-
for Him come back the companions above anyone involved in [the voice].
To YOU return all the time my thanksgivings - O You The LORD! -
Too Great to have a partner! with respect to the One who gave me places and acts of devotion.
Hide my defacts and runs through me every worshiper
and, for me, pray forever on the Best of mankind [the prophet].
O YOU THE ETERNAL! completeness belongs to YOU all the time, 
probably I am never an inept at the expense of others.
Favor me until the Paradise by the properties and by the conjunction [with GOD]
and give me constant enjoyment, security and virtue.
My soul is all the time to YOU, purifies it and leads by me my people
And grant Prayer and Salvation to the Best of the Messengers.
Accept this panegyric in pious donation in the place of the Chosen, the Purest (Al Mustafaa) for your Love -
O YOU my LORD! - provides me with the best knowledge and raises my rank.
Your Graceful donations in my favor are over my actions in reality, to YOU belongs the Praise,
O YOU SINGULAR Too Great to have a similar one.
YOU have led, through my belief, the path of Spiritual Development, the Law,
mine, by my mention of the Name of God, my prayer and my panegyric.