O YOU our Lord ! Grant Prayer and Salvation to the Eraser [sins] that spread sadness,
Muhammad, who acquired what made me glad.
O YOU our Lord ! Grant Prayer and Salavation to the Best Torch which is illustrated,
Muhammad, who halted what soiled me.
O YOU our Lord ! Prayer and gives the Best Illuminator sended
Muhammad, who realized completely his Aspirations.
O YOU our Lord ! Grant Prayer and Salvation to the Best Bringer of Good News which provide,
Muhammad, who intensified my joy.
O YOU our Lord ! Grant Prayer and Salvation to one whose primacy is absolutely logical,
Muhammad, who hated those who are hostile to me.
O YOU our Lord ! Grant Prayer and Salvation to the One who finally cleared my laziness,
Muhammad, who has magnified my poems.
O YOU our Lord! Grant Prayer and Salvation to the Most Insightful of all intelligent,
Muhammad, which hampered my opponent.
Grant Prayer Salvation to the traveler of the Night Ascension on "Al Buraaq" to Heaven,
Muhammad and honor his Party.
He spent the night tearing the Celestial Spheres, in the Intentions of an Audience With GOD;
and The Prophets met Him with approval and mark of honor.
They worshipped Him, made Him in their Head, honored Him, submitted themselves to Him by humility 
and glorified Him, by consideration in its Respectable Dignity.
They humbled themselves because they certainly knew his rank, they magnified meeting (with them)
and they confessed his advantage and superiority.
They hastened with welcome signs, generosity, courtesy, joy and
close to his Lord Who gives preeminence.
Each of them, individually, began to give thanks,
having heard the name of the Intercessor of intercessors, who was the most prominent Loyal (Gabriel).
Each of them, individually, made his Praise, after being pleased with his Mission
and He lit their chest, for the recognition of the benefit.
He left them and went up top on his mount "Al Buraq" to meet his BELOVED;
It pierced the veils of God Mysteries, Who grants THE Benefit.
Then he returned to his home, his Wows full satisfied from GOD;
he removed the penalties and causes of disgrace.
That He is right, the Prophet and Messenger! He is Good, He who has answered our prayers by the GRACE of the Lord,
the BEAUTIFUL, by repeating His NAME and Its Way!
Signs of "Taha," the Most Praised, will never run out;
people's power of the Good Tour is useless to list them fully through the pen.
GOD sent Him to all humans,
so He sets the Word descended upon Him and that is a direction for the one who seeks to know [God].
What a Honor for this Book in Which there is The Guided and The Reward, 
then exchanges of Words and Answers from our LORD, the ESSENTIAL!
It is the remedy for all ils, for he who is joined to Him without fail;
The one who gives up him  with enmity will be banned, distressed and will regret it.
Anyone who denies the and does not attempt to repent,
will meet the danger of Part of his Lord Who is the AVENGER [against disobedient].
This is the book that anyone who follows the Good Guidelines, get the Good Guided,
the future Happiness and be will be saved from the punishment.
It is His Evident Book which brought us His Favorite who is Honorable,
with Permission of the Master of the Worlds, it is a direction for those who follow the most right Path.
It is the Book from which whoever turns away without meditating there, 
breaks the LORD of creatures and will be the laughing stock of those who blame.
It is the Book in which whoever dedicates himself without turning away from it, 
is a nice one in the eyes of the DESERVING OF GRATITUDE, the VERY GENEROUS.
It is the Book of which whoever is self-sufficient will have what is essential 
and will not meet the damage of the criminals and he will obtain the honor.
I praise my Lord for His Book which is Above
any revealed book, with my heart and my tongue.
I testify gratitude to my Lord, the Immeasurable, for His Wise Book
by means of which I acquired science that dazzle any protester.
The Book of my Lord is the Book, according to Text (who said): "This is the book ..." (Surat S.2 V.1);
it is through him that I preserved from blame and causes of disease.
This is my friend and beloved who provides me from doctors,
it is through Him that loves me the intelligent seeking the Best Way.
O You the Best Rading Revealed by Sources of BEST DEVELOPER LORD!
You have brought "Hospitality" (Nuzul), from the REMAINING ON and PRIMORDIAL.
O YOU the Best Word, the Most Obvious, from Origin if ONE Who eternalized my purity!
do endure my happiness, in safety and service.
You are my companion to Paradise, O YOU Who have reserved me my place!
and softened my heart, O YOU the Best and Impeccable Reading!
O Thou Best articulated Harmonious Reading in the mouth of a reader!
drains to another than me, the hater, then give me your Favor and your judgment.
O YOU the Best Revelation that reveals to the one who meditates mysteries,
by You, my Lord purifies my thoughts, without incrimination.
O YOU the  Best Mention containing the Best Science,
You subjected my enemies, and hast preserved me from evil to the one who is in illusion.
You constitute my way and my Familiar, You brought me more than the rational
by the service of the Eraser [of sin], who is the Head that encourages me sagacity by Inspiration.
O YOU the  hast Best Reading that has permanently erased what saddens my heart!
grant me the quality of a blessed by the GRACE of the DEVELOPER Who grants the understanding.
It is by Your Grace that I requested from my KING, the quality to be the light of committed spiritual ( As-saalik) 
In the Good Way and to be an admirer attracted by what is obvious and hidden.
And that He eternally accords the Prophet and to the elite,
His two Greetings, HIM Who makes access the Proximity without limit or end.