I turn completely my face to GOD, the GENEROUS, the ETERNAL
while providing me the Servant of the Prophet Muhammad, the Chosen One.
Praise and the gratitude both return to GOD 
To have sent us the Prophet, the son of Abdullah.
In the Qur'an, the Erection of Wisdom, I head to GOD
under the Government of the Prophet, the grand-son of Abdu-l-Muttalib.
May my Lord disperse the line formed by the tyrannical enemy against me
by consideration for the Chosen, a descendant of Hashim.
That my LORD grants me of substantial Favors and gratifies  me with the company of the Pure, 
The Chosen by excellence, a descendant of Abdu-l-Manaf.
May my LORD fulfill my prayer by rewarding me with His Mysteries 
In the name of the Chosen, a descendant from Qusay.
I asked Him to give me the wonderful gifts, without any proof or illusion,
by consideration for the prophet, a descendant of Kilab
Give me Your Benefits and preserve me from pains, O LORD!
by the grace of the Chosen, a descendant of Murrah.
Purify my heart forever through ensuring my education,
by consideration for the Chosen by excellence, a descendant of Ka'ab
O LORD! O You the Possessor of the Throne and Siege,
Grant Peace and greeting to the descendant of Lu'ay!
O LORD! Deign to grant me all my aspirations without mattering
the name of the prophet, a descendant of Ghalib.
The O YOU THE CREATOR! Submit me months
and days by consideration for the prophet, a descendant of Fihr.
O LORD! O YOU the best helper! O YOU the best of kings!
Assist me and make me triumph, in the name of the descendant of Malik.
My Mystery, my honor, my splendor, it is YOU LORD!
Be thus in my favor by consideration for the descendant of Nadar.
Tame my enemies and gives me security
by the grace of the Chosen by Excellence, a descendant of Kinana.
Grant me a grace that illuminate my surroundings as well as elsewhere,
by consideration for one who radiated the posterity of Khuzayma.
Preserve me from the vicinity of heathen, men
or women, by consideration for the Chosen, a descendant of Mudrika.
Oh my God ! Inspire me of blessed thoughts 
in the name of the One by whom You enlightened the descent of Ilyas.
Assist my circle in my presence or in my absence
and brings me to You in consideration for the descendant of Mudar.
Do me the favor, O LORD!, To be a believer to whom we visited for Your FACE
and for the love of Best of men, the light of Nizar.
O THE BEST GUIDE! Guide me in the right way according to Your Promise and realizes,
by the grace of the Best of descendants of Ma'ad, Your Promise in my favor.
Grant me a Grace continuing until the Paradise 
and raising all my being in a High Station, due to the name of the Prophet, the descendant of Adnan...
GOD's Blessing surely returns to ABU BAKR, the Truthful, and UMAR, who unraveled right from wrong;
they who have gathered what was united with what was disunited.
The Master of the Throne honored in this world and the next, Uthman, the husband of the two lights,
as well as ALI, the father of grandsons of the Prophet.
The pious Companions of the Prophet stopped and pushed back the advance of [idolaters] doomed to damnation,
may God can approve them...
The Archangel Gabriel, the Hayzum Rider, repelled Satan, the accursed, together with the enemies [of Islam];
also their army she was defeated.
The Badr fighters have raised high the Torch of Islam
and have taken away impious and unjusts.
GOD purified His Religion of the devil tarnish
and, then, has brought joy to every supporter of the Beloved Prophet.
Thus we could achieve the Science of Divine Oneness, Islamic Law
and Sufism through these Affairs who subjugated their enemies.
May the God donations. the magnanimous, the LORD
sustain my existence forever by the holy name of the Prophet Muhammad ...