Repulse from my heart all that does not belong to Your love,
and let the lights in, O my Guide!
Help me to acquire what cleans up,
and protect me against everything that makes you bad.
Let me discover of Your beneficial Knowledge
and the lights, subtle secrets.
Grant me certainty, knowledge,
experimentation, forgiveness, pleasure.
Persistence in piety, 
illumination, vision and bliss.
Improves the fate of the community of the best messengers
and dissipate their concern to them all, O Most High!
Grant them all, merciful, blessing, peace,
protection, indulgence and forgiveness.
Make me, Lord, one of the privileged
to You forever.
By your goodness, make all my actions
to be acts of worship.
Let all life, in public and private,
passed in the performance of obligatory and supererogatory acts of worship.
Cause my death to be a deliverance from the challenge
of sorrow, passion and sadness.
Agree all my actions until
I become an accepted model.
Make my home a blessed place,
and make me a pious aspirant.
I ask you to make my home a place of piety,
of knowledge and spiritual elevation.
To make it a paradise for any aspiring disciple
and an argument against any rebellious transgressor.
To make it a place of profit for any well-guided Muslim
and a place from which one repels any criminal aggressor.
To make it a place of pilgrimage for those who are incapacitated
and an argument, on the day of the resurrection, against the one who disobeys.
To make it a favorable place for obedience to the Merciful
and unfavorable to obey Satan, the cursed.
To make it a place where one conforms to the Tradition of the Prophet
and where one deviates from the practices of innovation.
To make it a place to attract everything well
and dismiss all evil.
To make it a way to access the good of the invisible world
and to ward off evil and vice.
Make it a place of wealth, security, merciful
and largesse at any time.
O You who repel the evils and troubles.
Repel all evil from my home out of consideration for the Elect.
Forgive those who built its high edifice
and to those who gave them the order.
As well as all those who helped them to build
its edifice which rose by Your grace.
Forgive all who live there
and to those who come with good intention.
Make it infinitely full
of light and merciful.
Make its wealth come from the lawful,
in situations as difficult as easy.
Gratify me useful knowledge in this house
as well as a great fame and a submissive heart.
Make sure, in this house, my prayer to be fulfilled
and grant me temperance and a moderate soul in its desires.
Gratify me of a virtuous wife who helps me in piety
and to good works, O Assistant!
Cover me and all my people
with your protection constantly, O LORD!
Erect the tents of Your protection around my house
and all that it houses.
Place us all under Your valiant look,
and protect us from hardship.
Against bad people, calamities, 
jinns, Satan and misfortunes.
Grant me longevity in piety, light,
asceticism and scruple.
Make my home a place of forgiveness, guidance,
of gnostic knowledge and amenity.
A house of sincerity, truth, scruple, where one conforms to the Prophet's Tradition
and where we are spared from innovation practices.
Make it, permanently, a house of quest for knowledge,
of meditation and understanding.
An orientation home
and teaching one.
Make it a home to bring darkness to the light
and preserve it from all the unjust.
Make it permanently, a home where one conforms to the Tradition of the Prophet
rather than a home where one goes in practices of innovation.
Make it, Lord, the best loved home of our land
by You and by the Prophet, the eraser, the eminent.
Protect my home against perversion
and the futile at all times.
Discard it from the epidemic and all the misfortunes
and improves its drink and its food.
Make our sanctuary a safe place,
and be the guarantor of his protection.
Attracts to it the goods from all countries,
and preserve it from calamities.
Cover me and my house and my people
of Your protection against Satan, O Majestic!
O God, the Protector, the Holder of the command,
You who are above all these creatures by dominating them.
I entrust to you forever my soul, my religion,
my family, my offspring and my home.
As well as my life on earth and in the hereafter.
Spare me therefore from misfortunes here and in the hereafter.
Spare from the punishment of Hell the whole this ones
who attach themselves to me among the present generation.
As all the brothers from the point of view of blood or religion,
whether they are close relatives or distant.
Be a protection to me, O LORD!
Take care of me permanently and do not entrust me to anyone.
Be merciful forever to all Muslims
and grant Blessing, Salvation eternally ...
To Muhammed, my intermediary to You
and grant me a happy end nearby You.
And grant Blessing and Salvation to his Companions 
and his family and let my prayer be granted.