Detached from every creature and attached to the Creator,
holding a dazzling flame and a secret among the most hidden.
It eliminates from the heart of the aspirant the tarnish of sins or the rust of the profane passions
which enveloped him like a washer which effaces from the garment the filth which defiles him.
These people preserve their companions from misfortune,
bringing eternal happiness to their aspiring disciples.
Happiness to the servant, a sincere disciple who attaches itself to them by the services rendered,
by love or by gifts from which he fills them.
Following the example of the chosen Prophet, they acquired a remarkable eminence;
May God grant the gifts, pray over him (the Prophet).
They obtained, by applying the teaching of the very sure Confidant of GOD
(May my prayer of all times be granted to him).
They obtained by this means glories and honors, that neither the pen in writing,
nor the language in verb, can not express.
Among their merits, one notes the fact of acquiring a strong erudition in the "sharia"
as in the "Haqiqa" before practicing in the practice of Sufism.
For to practice this practice and to seek wisdom before the acquisition of this double erudition,
is counted among the causes of illusion and misfortune.
It is their wisdom to abstain from word and deed in all things,
before having a clear vision and undeniable proofs.
There is to profess, without interruption, the real fear of GOD the Master,
at their beginnings and at their end.
For in their beginnings they are dominated by the fear of sin
and towards the end (of their life) they are preoccupied with venerating the greatness of the Majesty.
Still to repress, sternly the desire of the (carnal) soul without respite, far from ostentation.
This soul that holds the art of betraying and abusing trust.
Their criticism is limited to themselves and never to others
because they considered themselves too small to deserve honor or "charisma".
Considering themselves the most cynical of the villains,
unworthy of fulfillment of prayers.
It should be noted that being patient all the time, for the love of GOD,
by transcending the injustice of enemies and the severe blows of fate.
When a misfortune struck them, they turned to GOD repenting of all their sins,
which, in their eyes, are appalling.
It is part of their beautiful characteristics - (that their Lord be pleased with them) -
to be sad and worried all the time.
The execration of hypocrisy is one of their characteristics,
being afraid of shame in the terror of the Last Judgment.
Humility in front of the greatness of the Master, Victorious Ruler
As well as veracity, asceticism and purification of tasks.
The total and permanent surrender to Lord Clement
nn Whom they count to avert evil and attract good, without complaints.
For them to be savant is a traditional thing, being wise is a custom,
far from pretensions and disputes as regards the mystical stations.
I groan in my pain caused by the loss of these noble Lords
whose path is that of the Chosen One, the best of creatures.
The blessing and salvation of the Sender be granted to him
with his Family and Companions who gained 
On Him the most eminent prayer and peace of His Investor
putting us (ourselves) out of perilous illusions.
On Him the prayer and Salvation of his Creator,
on his Family and Companions, who obtained special gifts.
On Him the purest prayer accompanied by the salvation of his Master,
giving us (ourselves) enlightenment.
On Him the blessing and salvation of his Benefactor (He who grants fortune)
on his Family and Companions subjected to obedience to God.
On Him the purest prayer, accompanied by the salvation of the One who honors Him,
making us obtain "charisms".
On Him the salvation and prayer of the One Who made Him better, putting Him above all,
on his Family and Companions who obtained the privileges of GOD.
On Him the most perfect prayer and salvation of Him who made him the noblest Prophet,
granting us by His pure grace the raising of the "veils".
On Him and on His Family prayer and salvation of the number of creatures
of the One who has put Him in evidence, above all humans;
On him the purest prayer and blessing
of the One who granted Him the great eminence, making us realize a great elevation.
I groan over the loss of past Nobles
who have disappeared taking with them the most wonderful viaticas.
On the Eternal Guide which is their Example, the Peace of the Inspector
who called them for a meeting.
On GOD's Favorite Friend, the son of Abdallah, our Lord,
the prayer of the Protector, Who protected them against all misfortune.
On The One Who Will Intercede on the Day of the Rally for the Blessed
the blessing of the Savior who delivered them from the perfidious traps (set by Satan).
On Him whose advantages are infinite,
the blessing of the Leader who put them in the path of rectitude.
On the honorable Chosen One, who is the best of all creatures,
the peace of the Munificent Provider who has rewarded them for the best goods.
On Him and His illustrious Family,
the most lasting peace and salvation, every moment.
Of all the Companions and Lords,
the approval of the Master of the Earth and the Heavens.