By the respect of the sons and daughters (of the Prophet)
as well as his people and his wives.
By the respect of the Messengers and Apostles
as well as the scholars and the men of God.
For the respect of the illustrious and honorable Angels
and for the respect of the Ka'ba, Your sacred home.
By the respect of Jerusalem, the sublime Medina,
the city of Thou generous Messenger.
By the respect of your well-populated house, Lord,
and all the Angels who visit it in heaven.
By the respect of all who follow the guidance, let them be among the good ones,
the guides, the pious or the disinterested advisers.
By the respect of all those who relate to You,
grant me everything I ask you.
And preserve me from everything
what I protect myself with You, O Protector!
At this point, bind me to what directs me to You,
wherever it is.
And get rid of me without delay, Creator,
of all that hinders on the way to You.
It's me who submits to You here
having the frrm will to do well.
It is me who never lead to another than You
here below and in the hereafter.
How could it be otherwise that You are, Lord,
the Guarantor and that You are enough for me; so I do not divert.
O good God! You are my Lord, the Benefactor;
so I do not doubt about Your Gifts.
O good God! You are my Lord, the Sufficeer.
You are sufficient for me and I do not feel myself.
Oh, the Just! You are my Lord who defends me.
You are sufficient for me, and I do not defend myself.
O Living! You are the Majestic, the Generous.
I am satisfied, and I do not quarrel.
O Lord! You are the Almighty, the One.
You are sufficient for me, and I do not suffer.
O the One! You are the Generous Donor, the Glorious.
You are sufficient  for me, and I do not envy.
O Master! You are the Gracious, the Beneficent.
You are sufficient for me, and I do not break.
It is You who tell your guidance to those who love You.
You are sufficient for me, I do not seek other than You.
Protect my sanctuary and be for me a strong fortress
against everything that has teeth and claws at all times.
Preserve me, O Lord, of the evil
of the one who walks towards me.
As well as evil this one who, armed, goes towards me while climbing
and what flies with wings.
From the evil of the one who speaks
while sitting, lying or standing.
From the evil of the magician,
of the sorcerer and the disbeliever.
It is by You, my God, that I have put out of state the lion to harm,
the snake and the scorpion.
The magician and the wizard,
the bad eye, which drag in the night.
And all human beings and jinns, I put them out of state to harm me
and to hurt all true Muslims.
This by repeating thousands and thousands of times of expression
"No power nor capacity outside God the Most High".
Preserve me from harm of any inhabitant of this place,
from evil of all spawners and of what they generate.
Preserve me from the mouth, from the eye
and whoever goes to me with bad intention.
Preserve me from aggression of any aggressor
and the evil of all ignorant and all learned.
From the evil of any individual who is silent or speeks
and the evil of all heretics and all that lurks at night.
From the evil of every ignoble or noble individual,
domineering or violent.
From the pain of everything that flies or walks
little known or widely known.
From the trouble of all envious, all hateful,
of every tyrant and every criminal.
Preserve me, Exalted, the Glorified,
from the evil of the jinns and Satan the rebel.
From the evil of what is near or far,
from trouble of heat, cold and water.
Ennoble me, support me forever,
purify my heart and give me excellent health.
Help me to pray at night
and to fast during the day.
Free me of vices
and embellish me with virtues.
Purify my heart
and grant me a brilliant success without equal.
Grant me Lord, subtlety and foresight
and facilitates my passage on the bridge (Sirat).
Help me at all times, to invoke You and to give Tou thanks
and make me one of the privileged relatives.
Do not stop, Master, to be my guide.
Educate me and be my friend.
Gratify me with knowledge from You,
solid and ample.
Give me the strength to fight at any time Satan,
passion and creatures that entertain.
Be my protection in both houses
and continues to be my refuge inside.
Purify me body and soul,
and grant me elevation and love.
Be my ally in my life, at my death, in the grave
and tomorrow at the resurrection.
Never stop, Protector, to be my defender,
and my protector and be satisfied with me.
To attract me, to orient myself, to get me the knowledge,
to lead me on the right way, to honor me.
To guide me, to support me,
to gratify me with all that is useful to me and to treat me with grace.
Engage me in the life of salvation,
and preserve me from all disobedience.
Engage me, Lord, in the way of the men of God,
the distinguished, the virtuous, the elects.
Give me a happiness that will never be followed
by doom or evil.
Consolide in my heart permanently Your Love,
the love of the best of creatures.
The love of his family, his Companions
and every good Muslim.
O Lord, the Benefactor,
approved my entreaty for the respect of the Elect.
And grant Him the best blessing
which leads me to meet the well guided.
Encourage me to love every Muslim,
and preserve me from the evil of every criminal.
Incite me to obedience,
and preserve me from disobedience and all trials.