I take refuge with GOD the assistant
against all that is harmful.
In turning my efforts to my Lord the Most High
hoping for the allocation of a flowing water.
By clinging to the Quran like a blind man who grabs
with the help of the clairvoyant guide prepossessing his assistance.
He is my glory, my honor and my treasure
and out of consideration for Him, I expect the submission of the reed.
Whoever desires for consideration for Him, to overcome an obstinate obstacle,
He leads him to be obedient to Him by suppleness.
He is my pride, my safe protection and my companion
by the Hadith of the Distinguished, the Influent.
The most worthy of praise, Ahmed my assistance by this and that,
I trust in my Lord.
O my GOD bless Him and grant Him a salvation
with his family and those who are convinced.
Among the Companions attached to the man of confidence
who led them with the light of true religion.
My Lord, give me righteousness and fulfillment
and deprive me by your favors of what is at first concealed and eventually manifested.
O my God, O Lord, to whom I rely entirely
defeat my chain by taming the locals.
Activates inspiration and grants generously
a discharge similar to that of showers.
Free me and withdraw my pledge
I am bound in prison by my sins.
Lord, I am a servant of great disobedience
and sins equivalent to 2-6-60.
Lord educate me, soften me, arrange my affairs
purify me science before 40-60.
My Lord, change me give me qualities
such as 300 before 40 and 60.
Grant my prayers beyond my presumptions
and of all other calculations.
Give me the revelation endowed with knowledge and application
and take away what was like a veil.
O my GOD grant me solidity today
purify my breast without depravity of the heart.
Forgive me and relieve me of the rights of men
and pay my debts in my place.
Grant me the favor at any time
to be a servant of the honored Book.
Give me the grace to pull from it, my religious practices
and to be immovable while reading it without fault of language.
Reveal to me the secrets and put me on the right path
and which of the Prophet, the worthy of confidence having high rank.
Lord, bless Him and grant Him a perpetual salvation
out of consideration for Him, my trust in You.
Encourage me constantly to read the Book
to the nocturnal devotions and always elevates my rank.
By honor for my imam, my recourse and my guide,
take care of the supply of my provisions.
Grant me the favor of following the Prophet step by step, both out of conviction
in words and deeds at the time to serve You.
Remove the enemies of me from consideration for Him,
close them continually the door of my interior.
O You who come to the help of every poor man,
releases the chain of that who find himself in the morning like a hostage.
Out of consideration for the Honored Mustafa my friend
and my doctor against complex and humiliating things.