It is in the name of GOD that my benefits are increased
without end or limit ...
I thank my Lord, the Best EDUCATOR,
that perfect my heart through the imitation of the Prophet, the Model for Excellence.
I testify my gratitude to Him without any ingratitude
He who assists me and set me free.
It brought me closer to him I had no need to disorient me,
He to whom I owe my good guidance and to whom I address this today.
To You my LORD I owe my satisfaction, to You my praises returning
and on whom I rely soliciting favors ...
O LORD! You who cured me permanently erasing my pain,
You who has protected me against those who tried to oppress me ...
Deign to cover my honor in Your gracious Veil,
to complete my affairs and increase my benefits indefinitely.
O You who satisfy at the request of the one who implores You! 
Condescend to fulfill my prayer that here is...
O HOLDER of Splendor and the Absolute Majesty!
May You preserve the purity of my favors, You the Best GUARANTOR!
O LORD! You who possess the Oneness Attributes and Existence,
remains forever in my favor through Your Infinite Generosity.
Preserve the purity of my Spiritual Junction protecting me from any negligence
and make my wishes parrying my spiritual mantle.
Strengthened me in reading the Qur'han in rewarding me rapture afforded this reading
and an excellent understanding of the verses in this practice.
You have perfect my condition I had no need to travel around the world;
may You, through me, to guide my family without any complaint.
Approved my repentance, protect my entourage, secure my return to You
and gratifies me a flawless intelligence.
Protect me against Satan, the crafty, preserve me from illusions,
ensure me Your Assistance and Support.
Gives me of Favors that can strengthen my perfection,
O You who are too HIGH ta have partners!
You have made my righteousness and granted gifts galore,
I express You my gratitude devoided of any kind of recrimination.
O You who have no similar to enrich Your servant and who generously provided me! 
I pray You on this day tribute without any exuberance.
I express You my infinite gratitude in all my houses,
You who owns the castle where one is never dislodged.
O LORD! You who dressed me and gave me drink;
You who  has saved me from spiritual destitution ...
You are my Ultimate goal and my Unique Support,
may You enlighten my heart, O Lord of Light!
You erased my imperfection and dispelled my uncertainty,
You have cleansed my heart as You did to Thy Illustrious servants endowed of Purity.
You have completed my walk towards You and provided me excellent Favors,
may You remain in my favor by Your Infinite Compassion as You did for the Pius.
O You who possess like no other the virtue to vivify!
Deign to ensure my guard and perfect my work as You did for Saints endowed with Clear-sightedness.
Gratify me of the Right Guided and Righteousness,
preserve me from blame by giving me the Honorability by the grace of the Prophet, the Bearer of the Standard.
By the grace of Your Messenger with Splendour and Perfection,
on behalf of this distinguished man constituting the Remedy [against all troubles] ...
That servant who loves you like no other, which owns Profit
and through which worketh all miracle by a Saint ...
It certainly holds Badges gifts, this Brave Lion,
which when the battle rages, decimates the [enemies] doomed to damnation.
He had illustrious Companions who answered his Call
and which, sparkling with light, dispelled forever the affliction.
Your Messenger of legendary battles, the one that clears distress,
that Light that guides the intelligent man and heals him of ostentation ...
I address this distinguished praise to Your Eminent Servant who Illuminated Your Way
and who transmits the Good News of the Hereafter.
This is the Prophet that my remarks are intended
without any remonstrance, veil or torment.
O [Muhammad], You the Best of creatures! You who possess Advantages and eminent Don,
agree to ensure the purity of what I have built ...
You are my source of joy without any illusion,
may You make pure my religious practice and enlighten my neighborhood.
It is in You that I always will address without any complaint
and it is You that I will support continuously.
May your Lord who has given you the Right Guided rewards you
from me in a way beyond all hope on the Day of Judgment.
May my Lord reward you without any prejudice, 
O You that are the most excellent of friends and those that we could love!
I will remain forever your Servant wherever I can be
and never cease to be satisfied by YOU.
You are my defender against Satan, the treacherous,
and my protector against the illusions leading to unhappiness.
You guaranteed my High Station and strengthened my confidence,
deign to have my time with the holy name of the LORD.
You constitute my Way towards the ABSOLUTE MASTER,
You who have the power to erase the tarnish and lead to Purity.
You are the Magnificent to whom I turn,
You the Messenger that have no equal.
To you I have devoted my tongue and my heart
and I shall not fall [in thy praise] in profane allegory of poets.
You constitute the Royal way by which we reach GOD, 
This LORD who gratifies with the most excellent of the wealth.
You chased my deprivation and put an end to my spiritual wandering,
You assured me a perfect protection as You always do for Emeritus Men.
O You, the Best of Men! my pen is entirely devoted to you
without failing to express you my pleasure devoid of any reproach.
O You who realized the Grand Work and who is adorned with the most beautiful qualities!
You constitute the Intermediate by which one reaches God, the One who has the destiny of all things ...
It is in You that I owe my perpetual Tranquillity and free from trouble with God,
the HOLDER of Absolute Power ...
O You who have no equal in the worship of God! You who are the Gate of Benefits
and the Light of the countries, You constitute my supreme Hope ...
You chased away my anguish and pushed away my persecutors,
May you grant me knowledge that will lead me to the Salute.
You put an end to my beggary and concealed my Mystery without
I would need to conspire or denigrate anyone.
You have purified my soul and have delivered me from earthly attachments,
You wiped my uncertainty and, in my favor, permanently removed the veils [obscuring the Truth].
You have preserved my closeness, increased my Favors
and generously perpetuated my complete being.
It is to You that my return will be in the company of mine
without any deficiency or error.
O You who hold the Advantages! To Your person I turn
after duly prayed over You and made your praise.
I am satisfied with You through whom I forgot [ my events] 
as well as I am self-sufficient of You without any trouble.