Hear me, purify my heart and illuminate
all sides in a conscious way.
Make me constantly a gift of virtue
allowing me to escape evil and seduction.
My Lord active the satisfaction of my needs and rejoiced quickly,
and for consideration for me, my places of worship and my contemporaries.
My Lord give me, be generous, the best object asked
and make of this Book my companion.
Give me a testimony of having definitively given up flattering me to have success too soon.
And put me outside worship in the footsteps of the one whose intercession is accepted.
Lord, bless him and greet him with care
by consideration for the great with whom my softening has manifested itself.
My Lord, grant me here and in the Hereafter the favor of being a worshiper
and a servant with the best guard.
Daru-Salam and Touba belong to you my Lord
Be for me a fixed dwelling in these two places.
O my God, tame me land and sea so that
I remain strengthened in my good deeds.
Always make me satisfied with you, my Master
being orthodox and spiritual guide by a kept secret.
Send me the object of my desire to be without pain,
a servant worshiper with better piety.
Be helpful, by consideration for me, to my family by delivering
all beggar and debtor in this world and the future life.
Rejoice the Savants by honor for my knowledge
and temporarily tame the illiterates.
Gives joy to all those who are on the quest for knowledge
and preserve all of them, out of consideration for me, to barbarism.
Always make the orphans happy by myself,
make them forget the nostalgia of parental love by honor for me at all times.
O my generous Lord, increase my knowledge
and my works diligently with tenderness for Him.
Make me repentant and upright and give me the revelation
in the Book of Evidence Source of Science.
Hear my prayers, show yourself subtle to me and send me
more gifts than I asked with complaint and moan.
Lord, send from you the best blessing
to the trustworthy intercessor.
Grant me happiness and extend it.
Put me, for consideration for Him, in the number of the blessed.
Preserve me from evil and trials.
Count me enemies and perpetuate my assistance.
Keep me away from all enemies and protect me
by honor for You against Satan the stoned, the cursed.
Illuminate my heart with an inspiration and make it
clean to receive the dedication of flowing water.
O You who help and have not ceased to be the best assistant,
continually send me what I want.
O my God, put me today on the right path
and purify my acts as the current of the sources.
Take away my faults and tame
eternally for me all unfaithful liar.
Give more blessing and salvation to the best
men and always cover me more with advantage.
Strengthen my guard against all that you have defended
and preserve me from the prejudice of any jealous petty.
O you who help, perfect my faith, my knowledge,
my application and raise them now.