To him that I dedicate myself without fatigue.
Singing his praises every year.
And prayers that resemble those of the High (God)
To his family, his companions and all the righteous.
Sing forever praised Prophet
And pray on him, a sincere prayer
I pray over him here, 
on his family, on his virtuous companions and truthful.
O Lord, pray constantly 
on Mustafa, holder in a marvelous intelligence.
Lord pray on who is
lover, loved, forgiving and patient.
Lord prays on who was
pious, pure and exemplary guide.
Lord pray on who has guidance.
One who  is obedient and who are following his orders to the Supreme righteousness.
Lord prays on the man known
the wise and spreader all evil. 
Prayer that repels evil and loss
brings wealth lawful.
Prayer leading up,
strengthening the sublime faith hearts.
Prayer by which we get good things
and which clears the vice of the soul and of the mind.
Prayer that reveals to me that here in worldly 
and heal my broken heart.
Prayer that corrects Prayer "protects" the one who
accomplishes it against calling of debauchery launched by the cursed (Iblis).
I directed my speech and my whole heart
to one in which we seek the best opening.
To Mustapha the elected, the purified, the wise man
and the true interceptor, I dedicated.
Who is the earpiece, the defender who ally 
and and worker find beneficial reward.
My educator, what educator! He is the messenger, the Prophet. 
The interlocutor of God, the eloquent speaker.
It has the sublime beauty and great intelligence.
It is the gateway to all the good in which escapes from all evil.
It is the guide that relieves anxiety that
who trusts him to repentance.
It is forbidden to those who refuse his way (of the Prophet),
to enter paradise with a peaceful entry.
Whoever does not follow his path will be greeted
by a thirst and a burning fire.
I also surpassed in degree of magnitude
as Mustapha has exceeded all its weight.
Singing forever praised the sea of generosity 
and great reward you will get as benefit.
Singing forever praise of the one who holds 
the qualities of wisdom by the grace of the donor (God).
Intellectual should only speak
of the marvels of praise towards the Prophet.
Singing the praise of the great Prophet 
is a protection against fatigue, loss and shame.
It gives purity to the heart full of sins,
he solves the problem and ambient tyranny.
I sang the praises of the Prophet generous,
I hope to remain forever without seeing.
I thanked my Lord led me
serving  the elected the wins holder.
I thanked my Lord, thank  for
which increases the property that was gratified to me.
I thanked my Lord led me 
serving  the guide so tolerant.
I thanked my Lord 
who guided my heart to sincere love of the Prophet.
For the love of the Prophet, I pray for him 
and sing his praises forever salty.
O Lord, be for me humble servant, my guide 
on the day of fatigue and anxiety (the doomsday).
That upon you the peace that I want to conclude 
by asking a soothing success.