Praise be to The One who sends down weakness and illness
and the One who sends down curses and medecine.
Who orders His slaves to supplicate
in order to ward off trials.
Also on the One when he touches the sick,
heals without delay and succeeds in his purpose.
Muhammad our wise doctor,
the purest prayers upon Him, our noble Lord.
And his eminent Family and Companions,
what the sick need for a cure.
In this poem, and today I am truly in pain,
seeking the help of the answerer of prayers.
I complain to Him of the harm,
that has afflicted me to the extent that I am at the point of death.
O our LORD! O our LORD! O our LORD!
O our LORD! O our LORD rid us of our affliction.
By the honor of the Noble One, the best of creation
and also by the exalted month of Ramadan.
O GOD! O Beneficient! O Merciful!
O Doer if Good, O Noble One, O Great One!
Forgive our sins and accept (our works)
and protect us and overlook (our faults).
Send down the best of favours O LORD!
in place of what we fear of evil trials.
Grant us etiquette and excellence
and rid us of faults and calamities.
Grant us a desire to be obedient
and repel all laziness from us.
O Doer of Good! O Gentle One! O Pardoner,
O the One who controls the affairs of mankind, O Healer.
Send down your cure in place of illness
and do not try us with tribulations.
Send down benefit in place of harm,
send down good in place of evil.
Send down knowledge in place of ignorance
and send down generosity in place of miserliness.
Send down wealth in place of poverty
and send down thakfulness in place of ungratefulness.
Cure all of the muslims now
and protect them from fear and sadness later.
Save them, grant them good health and be gentle with them
and do not seize them due to their numerous sins.
For if they disobey you, O GOD, due to forgetfulness,
they do not associate anyone with You.
Their bodies do not have the strength to withstand
your trials, for their weakness is manifest.
Their hearts do not ever incline
to other than you now or in the future.
But the stealer of limbs
leads them to commit evil acts.
Do not seize them for what what does not diminish you
and give them from what does not benefit you.
O GOD! O Changer of the hearts,
turn our hearts away from sin.
Captivate us with the love of every muslim
and save us from the evil of every rouge.
Make all the muslims, our friends,
so that they be suffient for us against harm.
Make all the muslim men and women believers in guidance
and grant them good health in the future.
Grant all of the muslim men and women spiritual elevation
by increasing them in the fear of GOD.
Make all the scholars workers,
make all the workers sincere.
And make all of the sincere abstinent
and make all of the abstient good advisors.
Make all the good advisors righteous
and make all of the righteous successful.
Entice us O Lord that we may always
serve the muslims and be merciful.
Grant them through us guidance and goodness
and repel from them our hurt and harm.
Entice us to love them for Your Sake
and entice them to love us so that we may grow (in nearness to You).
Place all them of my brothers and relations
under your Mercy on the day of difficulty and hardship.
Let us be lucky here and in the next world
having beneficial joy so that we may enjoy good grace.
Grant us noble behaviour
and mutual love without division.
Make our youth honour our elders
and make our leders aid our youth.
Make our hearts mutally loving
and free from rivialry and mutual envy.
Not argumentative of mutually opposed
nor feeling mutual hatred or mutual revulsion.
Until we become humble muslims
and righteous and sincere believers.
Forgive us and pardon us with good health,
so that we may have the best heal in both worlds.
Protect us and guard us and keep injustice away from us
and save every muslim man and women.
O LORD grat us a good end
at the time of our death and resurrection.
By the honour of the best healer of sickness,
the bestower of what is desired and sought.
Muhammad our generous doctor,
the curer of illness and sickness.
Prayers and peace be on Him
and on his Family and noble Companions.
The one who busies himself with prayers succeeds
the sick is forgiven by seeking a cure.
For the poet also, 
may God increase him in health and light.
O Thou who wishes to repel any disease.
Do not abandon the search for the cure.
Be constant with it in the evening and the morning,
be sincere, you will gain healing and success.
By permission of Our Lord and consideration for Muhammad
God bless him as He has chosen him.