I turn my face to Him whose benefits are revealed
in the month of the birth of Him who led us to the sea.
My thanks go to God in this month of Maouloud.
I begin a work that has been chosen for me to pray and meditate.
I am moving towards a happiness coming from Him who has no equal in his reign,
of his creations appeared or hidden.
I call the Good, the Pitiful, the One by the will of who we are men
on earth as on sea (the Generous, the Almighty, God our Creator).
Be for me, by Your Greatness and Your Power, my help at all times
so that I may sit the pillars of divine Islam.
You have educated me, grant me on this year O Lord,
a real happiness, a felicity and a constant dwelling.
You have educated me after feeding me and having watered me on the day when we have to drink,
You protected me because of my poverty.
You have sheltered me from my enemies, You have given me jewels.
You put me at ease at the moment when poverty was invading me.
I am speaking with You today, for You honored me yesterday.
You have made me a faithful confident and a guide.
Return the spirit (heart) of the «toubabs», You The Almighty so that they help me,
softens the heart of the rich and poor faithfuls.
By Your Unparalleled Solitude and Your Celestial Reign, You The Tamer,
Help me to fight my enemies and give me eternal happiness.
You awoke me yesterday, from this awakening I saw real wonders.
You are the Creator who never ceases to be Pitiful.
You facilated me the existence before and You gave me a large life.
I take advantage of it for what You love and what You have embellished.
At the hardest moments of my life my heart was saddened, You have assisted me;
erase from me every evil inclination of men and jinns and forever.
I entrust myself to You today and offer to be a servant.
So, I begin a work where by your side I shall replace Kahab and Hassan.
By the ink (that I use in my writings) I call what fulfills the wishes because of the work 
of the One the satisfaction of which serves me as weapons to fight the enemies.
Muhammad our enlightened, the best of creatures
Let him be honored by the One whose grace I implore every moment.
May peace, happiness and felicity remain eternally in Muhammad,
by my writings, I ask the Lord to serve me as a defense against sins.
O generous Lord, grant me more than I hoped to have of You.
Soften the good as the wicked (who come to me).
O Lord, be always with me and grant me all my requests,
erase from me all that you banish from the inside as from the outside.
I entrust myself to You The Pitiful, The Generous, The No Envious,
I direct all my hopes and desires to you, hoping to receive a constant help from you.
Accept all my prayers and extend my existence from here and from beyond, You the Wide,
The Non Envious of which Existence never ceases to be Celestial.
Fulfill all my wishes You who give the salvation, 
so that I become an inexhaustible source (of knowledge).
Put everything within my reach and make my life a broad and profitable existence,
as You have revered the night of Laylatul Qadr and eternally.
Make my life be entirely consecrated to You,
let the faithful to believe me and follow me unceasingly.
Give me happiness, peace and fidelity, You whose help never ceases to serve with kindness
and to bring the faithful out of boredom.
Hear my vows, approve and increase my good conduct,
You The Generous who never ceases to be generous.
My soul, my body and my arms are directed toward You,
You The Good who never ceases to be Celestial.
Give me the opportunity to meet quickly the true believers,
so that I may rejoice those who were troubled.
You The Tamer of the powerfuls, I seek here the possibility of not having to discuss
neither with brave men nor with kings.