Praise God who makes evil a good
and who rewards.
May these prayers be granted to all,
on all that He took as a blessing.
I ask forgiveness today to the Lord,
the Clement discounting his agreement.
I protect myself from the grace and dignity of his Friend
loved one who has a great personality.
O Lord, I beg your pardon today,
protect me against the blame of the lowly world and the hereafter.
O Lord, I am embellished with sins,
forgive me and take away vices.
O Lord grant me Your grace
and that of the prophet in all that I do.
O Lord by the grace of "Bismil Laahi"
grant me protection forever.
O Lord grant my request by the grace of Mustafa,
of his family and his Companions.
Pray and grant peace to the Prophet,
and to his family and give me politeness.
Pray and grant peace to the Messenger,
and to his family and grant me to get my purposes.
Pray and give peace to the Messenger,
and to his family and grant me success.
Pray and give peace to Al Bashir (The Annealer of Good News),
and to his family and be my ally and my help.
Pray and grant peace to Nadir (the harbinger of bad news),
and to his family and forgive me.
Pray and grant peace to the One who is obeyed,
and his family and give me the opportunity to follow him.
Pray and grant peace to the Generous,
and to his family and give me the sciences.
Pray and grant peace on Al Hudaa,
and to his family and make me follow righteousness.
Pray and grant peace on Al Hudaa,
and to his familyand protect me from any aggression.
Pray and grant peace on Al Hudaa,
and to his family and allow me to follow the Prophet.
Pray and grant Him peace,
and to his family and everything related to Him.
Pray and grant Him peace,
and to his family, his Companions, and all the virtuous.
Grant me today the fortune by his great grace
allowing me to leave the innovation that leads to the loss.
Pray and grant Him peace
and to his family, his Companions and the generous ones.
Grant me today, by Him, the deliverance
from enemies and grant me by Him serenity.
Pray on Him and grant Him peace,
and to his family, his Companions, and all who are related to Him.
Give me today serenity.
Show me the Kaaba and Medina.
Pray and grant Him peace,
and to his family and companions.
Grant me stability today to You, the Lord,
to Him and to the plants.
Pray on Him and grant Him peace
and to his family and the one running behind Him.
Give me today success
and reward in everything I do.