The connoisseur and the Great gave me
donations that never end.
The Chosen of my Lord is my friend
and my beloved with whom my pleasure has been purified.
He dispelled my pride, he guided my misguidance.
The one who increases endlessly my legal fortune.
Singing the eulogy of the Guide is my choice of my life.
He purified me without any trouble.
My relationships have remained with Him where I am in my land
without isolation (exile) and without any fatigue.
My acknowledgments are addressed to the Prophet of God
holder of all deserved praise.
Towards the pious, brave as a lion against the clueless,
I launch my call to one who is at the door of the elevation.
My heart keeps calling me to the loss,
or toward harm or austerity.
The best of the slaves (Mohamed), your front is obvious
by your qualities (main) to follow.
You are purity, from You emanate the dowries.
You will be in front of the day of dissimulation.
O You who guide all the troops without any trouble
to Him who accepts repentance, from You comes my healing.
Translation unavailable!
Translation unavailable!
Expression of my thanks,
followed by my invocations without conspiracy against Him.
Towards peace, I pay my word
without blame and without hatred.
I pay my word with excellence
for He who has embellished me with the coat of greatness.
It appeared to me that I have righteousness
without dispute, without hypocrisy.
God My Lord strengthened my love (of the Prophet)
and my hail at the watering place.
He is the big one to whom I'm heading
without any ambition beyond the grabbing.
I pity my anguish after my backing to the Prophet
without crying or cure.
I give him my praise without difficulty,
without exception and without hypocrisy.
It is to Him that I address myself without being mistaken,
I did not go towards procrastination.
He alleviated my fatigue, the donor of firming,
this firming was given to me without difficulty.
He guided the Murid and misplaced hypocrisy.
What a good person who increases wealth.
I send my thanks to the one who accepts the invocation
without conspiracy to the families.