Praise be to GOD, the Generous and Master of Benefits for the fact that I am concerned with the worship of GOD
through what is compulsory and what is supererogatory.
I thank Him for leading me to a home
where He removed my obstacles.
He has guided me to Him by offering me virtues
after having rid me of the vices.
It has prompted me to the quest for the sciences
and the application of knowledge.
I then implore Him to grant the Blessing and the Salvation
to the One I intend to follow.
Th One who, whoever follows Him
in public and in private will be a model.
He is the One who exiled himself to Medina on the Order of his Lord
and thus saved His religion.
It is my interlude to my Lord the Most High,
Mohammad the best of creatures, the Intercessor.
As well as to his family and Companions,
the guides who dominated their souls (worldly passions) and the banished (Satan).
That said, O Generous! I fear nothing but You,
here and there and in the Hereafter.
And I never cease to implore You and give You thanks,
You who are the Good, the Generous.
Since You, the Assistant,
You drew me to You to help me by Your Grace.
Then I went to You exclusively
and I am satisfied with You.
By giving and entrusting my fate to You
and exiling myself in search of Thy blessings.
I turned myself to You with the exclusion of all others
since I have not found Your likeness.
It is thus that today You have given me the best gifts
and led me to follow the Prophet's Tradition.
By the time people praises
have almost made me fall into the trap of Satan.
Where I almost, because of the praises,
turned back on writing and teaching.
In the quest for knowledge, in teaching
and the application of knowledge.
Therefore, I declare (what follows), while giving thanks to GOD
and seeking the mediation of the Intercessor, the best of the Prophets.
As well as that of all his sons and daughters
so that they may all intercede without delay in my favor.
O Good God, the Forgiver, the Indulgent!
I was stupid but I regret and repent.
O Good God, the Most Merciful, the Guarantor!
I am the lazy who sleeps and eats a lot.
O Master, Creator of the Universe!
Destroy my passions and restrain my sleep.
O Creator, the Perfect!
I complain to You about my many vices.
In your capacity as Master of majesty and beneficence,
Save me and fulfill my wishes.
It is to You that I ask today to be among
those who refuse to orient themselves to other than You.
And to obey you in confirmation with the Way of the Chosen One,
his Clear Tradition, O You who chose Him.
O Forgiver of sins, the Close!
I am a humble servant who finds me alien.
Grant me and all my brothers, out of respect for this One (the prophet),
the true bliss here and in the hereafter, O You who hear all.
Accepts my present invocation
out of respect for the Chosen One, his family and his Companions.
Give me the best part
as well as to Muslims out of respect for Khassim.
Take away the dark night of passion
out of respect for the beloved Abraham.
Lead me to the best of licit
and the best neighbors out of respect for Taib.
Purify me body and soul and grant your Mercy to creatures
by my way out of respect for Tahir.
Raise my rank discreetly
out of respect for his daughter Rukhayya, the pure.
Preserve from the evil, coming from me, the relatives and the distant ones,
the Muslims and the disbelievers out of respect for Zainab.
Gratify me of the good of peace until the day of the last judgment
out of respect for Um Kalthum.
Grant me, Lord, a happy ending
here below and in the hereafter out of respect for Fatima.
Bless their Father, his family
and his Companions and accepts my request.
Be my companion par excellence,
protect me from the evil of illusion.
Protect me and my family, Lord,
of the difficulties here and in the hereafter.
Protect me and the Muslims from calamities
and preserves my body from deterioration in my grave.
O our Lord! O our Lord! O our Lord!
O our Lord! O our Lord! O our Beloved!
Grant me, out of respect for the Chosen One,
the best of wishes here below and in the hereafter.
Put a veil between us and all evil
and preserve us from damnation.
O my God, the Defender, the Majestic!
I am mediocre, poor and unworthy.
Make me pass from everything outside of You
and realize my vows out of respect for Him who is above all Arabs and not Arabs.
In this case our Master Muhammad, who is the door of bliss
and my intercessory to You for the access to piety.
Grant Him Blessing and Salvation
as well as to all his family.
Forgive me my sins, accept my deeds
and realize for me the best of my wishes and hopes.
O You who is far from all resemblance to creatures!
I am here suffering.
So be my companion by excellence and heal me of the disease
until I am engaged in the best direction.
O the Equitable, the One who humiliates [the infidels] and who secures [the faithful]!
It's You who protect me here, O You who secure!
Secure me permanently, Majestic,
against all evil, all chastisement, and all distraction.
O You who are so exalted to have a companion or child,
cover me with your protection as well as all the inhabitants of this terroir.
O my Lord! Make my dwelling, Touba, as his namesake (Paradise)
out of respect for the best of the worshipers of GOD.
Grant Him the Best Blessing;
as well as to his family and his Companions, who were bound by good relations.