He is the Noble by whom my KING has granted me a Secret
which guarantees my weaving directions from any machinations.
It is the Noble to whose address my services have given me a secret
which puts scholars short of arguments.
GOD has arranged for me, In the Name of the Eraser [of sins], His Spiritual Ways (Tarahiq);
upon Him the Prayer of THAT Who puts out of reach this [secret] which He preserves.
On Him, the Peace of THAT Who hides and discloses all the time
what HE wants among creatures, by an Inviolable Secret.
On his family and on his Companions, as long as man acquires all the time
happiness by good faith, without disavowal which causes regret.
And as long as the USEFUL (Al Mufid) benefits those who seek profit
and as long as He grants Benefits to the one who has received Approval.
He is the Good Advisor, on whose behalf,
the PROVIDER honors me and reveals some of the Secrets to me.
He is the One Who Unites, on whose behalf, the GENEROUS DONOR sent me to HIM,
increasing the benefits of some who know through me.
He is the Brave Hero, on whose behalf, the CLEMENT preserves me
of all humans and the danger is averted.
He is the Tutor, on whose behalf, the MUNIFICENT grants me happiness
and away from me anything that attracts affliction.
He is the Sublime, in whose name,
the COMPATIZER made me famous and put an end to embarrassment and weariness.
He is the Vigorous, in whose name, the RECTOR strengthens me
and leads all the quarrelsome to someone other than me.
He is the Unassailable, in whose name, the DEFENDER intervenes
between me and the unsightly creature.
He is the Bearer of Good News, on whose behalf,
the RECTOR brings me joy and protects me from fault and illusion.
He is the one in whose name, the GOOD defends me,
preserves me and brought me together the joy of the magnanimous.
He is the Great, in whose Name the ETERNAL magnifies me,
since He saved me from everything that could burden me.
He is the one in whose name, GOD softened the haters,
since HE removed all unjust from me.
It is the one in whose name, the ETERNAL brought me his good news,
since HE revealed me the best of what is hidden.
It’s the one in whose name, the RECTEUR gave me his Good Guided,
by profiting all scholars by myself.
It is he in whose name, my LORD has granted me the fulfillment of my vows,
as a favor, and gives life to scholars through my writings.
It is the one in whose name, GOD has been GENEROUS in my favor
by lifting the veils, by giving me secrets never revealed.
On Him, the prayer of THE ONE Who promoted Him to a rank,
so that He is so High Above all creatures, obviously.
On Him, the Peace of THAT Who made me his Servant, secretly and manifestly,
to the point of taking advantage by me, of the illustrious honorable people.
He is the Guide and the Head of all the Messengers
and Prophets; He will protect them from anxiety on the Day of Anxiety.
On the Day of Resurrection, all of the Messengers
and Prophets will come to Him, individually, certainly with affliction.
Each of them will begin to say: "[O LORD!] My soul!" Our Most Praiseed (Ahmad) will exclaim:
"My community [O LORD!], Save it O YOU THE BEST MERCY!"
He led them [during prayer] the night of the Ascension and left them,
rising from Heaven to Heaven, up to Proximity [to GOD].
Did they put him at their head and followed his example,
when each of them is at the head of an assembly of great importance?
Surely, because the Sun always eclipses the star
and the moon when it dispels the darkness.
He is the Honorable in whose person the magnanimous seek Recourse,
knowing that He is, by his Nobility, Above all creatures.
There is no chief crowned with prestige among the predecessors,
who has not sought his recourse to shelter himself from atrocity.
His honorable ancestors had sought his protection and,
by His Grace, gained dignity, closeness and obtained benefits.
It's because of his Light hidden in Adam
that the Angels of his MANDATOR bowed down before this Ancestor.
He returns to the Purest Chosen One (Al Mustafa), the Best Creature of GOD,
an advantage that no other leader has, however eminent it may be.
He has a secret from God that neither human nor genius,
neither angel know, this is an Inviolable Mystery.
The Prophets, as well as all the Messengers,
achieved satisfaction through Him while He was still in his Hiding place.
They obtained thanks to Him, before his Birth,
Gifts that make everyone outside of them jealous and astound the honoroubles.
He is the illustrious Honorable (Al Karim) who has never ceased to be chosen
among the Lords, each of whom is prestigious.
Each of them is loved and honorable among the Chosen and the Nobles,
forming an Elite whose advantages are eminent.
Each of them is elected from among the Best,
among which no one has ever committed an act that makes the Elite and the Scholars blush.
It is by his Blessing that the ancestor Adam did not falter towards sin,
when the cursed man tried to seduce him, so he was guaranteed.
It is in his Name that GOD saved Noah in his "Ark"
and saved Jacob from blindness, according to what is established.
It is through the Blessing of the Selected (Al Muntaqa) that the WELL-WATCHING rescued Joseph
of the well and the machination of the one whose danger he feared.
The man of the fish (Jonas) obtained a happy outcome from his LORD
in the Name of the Eraser (of sins), after being swallowed.
It was thanks to Him that Abraham's fire became cold for his salvation
and this one delivered from the machinations of the enemies.
Job obtained peace in the Name of the Eraser [of sins), by regaining his good health,
after being struck with an excruciating pain.
The Sea of ​​Moses, thanks to the Most Pure Chosen One (Al Mustafa) was split,
likewise, the Spirit of Jesus was hoisted to Heaven.
It was thanks to Him that the iron became soft in favor of David
and it is thanks to Him that Solomon obtained the particular subjugation (of jinns, winds, etc...)
It is thanks to Him that the honorable Messengers, in full,
like all the Prophets, obtained the Advantages which were revealed to them, and this, obviously.
He is the interlocutor whom GOD made travel at night
towards Heaven, thus dissipating darkness.