My heart is, on this day, free from any kind of doubt
and, certainly, it knows the CLEMENT.
I never stopped looking for the APPRECIATION OF THE ONE Who made the Chosen take precedence
and to solicit advantages, primacy and nobility from HIM.
The uncertainty of my heart has dissipated and my tarnish is polished;
and erased my bad sins THAT which erased the venials.
The damages resulting from the correspondent of the numerical value of the letter Dal [ie four] are kept away from me for life
and my LORD has protected me from anguish, tirpitude and indecency.
The carnal soul, the creatures and Satan have stopped wanting to harm me,
the Low World [who seduces] seeks peace with me.
My sleep is a form of worship for a LORD without an associate,
my heart [in this state] meditates on the verses that provide Wisdom.
Evil and annoyance took the direction of someone other than me;
how GOOD He is, THE ONE WHO ANSWER [the prays] and who keeps anguish away from me!
THAT HE IS GOOD, THE ONE WHO ANSWERS [the prays] and Who makes us reach
the goal for anyone who gives hope in HIM and surrenders to HIM!
He is, evidently, the one outside of Who cannot come either advantage 
or inconvenience and He has protected me from machination (of men) and regret.
I totally entrusted myself to a LORD without an associate in His KINGDOM
and HE guaranteed me against poverty and disease.
I totally disposed my entirety to an unrivaled LORD,
in collusion with the One [the Prophet] whose love is concealed in my heart.
I totally submitted to an unrivaled LORD,
in collusion with Him whose Way is free from corruption.
I totally surrendered to a LORD Who does not need any help,
in collusion with Him whose confession has always been Islam.
I totally surrendered to a LORD without beginning,
in collusion with the One who has become for me a Protection and a Support.
I totally dedicated myself to a LORD Too BIG to give birth to,
in collusion with the One whose panegyric gives me impeccability.
I totally intended for a LORD Above a motif,
in collusion with the One whose solicitude towards me attracted me the benefits.
I totally trusted a LORD Too HIGH to have an example,
in connivance with Him who is free from all faults.
I totally left myself in the care of the MASTER of the Worlds,
in collusion with the One who was proud of my service in front of the Great and their suite.
I am totally devoted to the ETERNAL, in collusion with our Most Praiseful (Ahmad),
the Torch of present, future and past generations.
I totally dedicated myself to SUSTAINABLE Which materialized my wishes,
in collusion with the One who definitively removed evil from me.
I totally devoted myself to the care of a GUIDE Who gave me the Good Guide,
in collusion with the One who brought me milk and meat.
May my LORD spread on Him and on those who are attached to Him
a Sublime and Lasting Prayer and Salvation.
On Him, the Prayer of the ONE Who raised Him to a Greatness
above those who enjoy wonderful and grandiose power.
On His family, on his Companions and on those who follow the vestiges of his Tradition,
the Most Pure Prayer followed by a Salvation which protects from illness.
On Him, the Prayer and Salvation of his MANDANT,
by the Best Word [the QURHAN] which leads the blessed to the Right Direction.
On his family, on his Companions and on the spiritual guides of His Community,
the two Purest Greetings from the VIGILANT GUARDIAN (Al Hafîz) Who is not characterized by non-existence.
On Him, the Salvation of the ONE Who invested Him with a Mission comprising an Eternity
and an edification which erases sadness.
On his family, on his Companions, those who benefit from his Intercession,
the two Purest Greetings from the LICENSEE (Al Muqit) Who perpetuates the Graces.
On Him, the Prayer of THAT Who magnified His Prophecy at the Highest Level,
so that his honorable ancestors [of the Biblical Lineage of the Prophets] seek refuge with Him.
On his family, on his Companions and on those who tend to rectitude by his Grace,
the Purest Prayers accompanied by a Salvation which removes venial sins.
On Him, the Prayer of the ONE Who gave Him the Miracle donation
who shamed the disbelievers, to the point of putting them each in regret.
On his family, on his Companions and on those who seek his Assistance,
the Purest Prayer accompanied by a Salvation that spreads disgust.
On Him, the Prayer of THE ONE Who honored Him with Precellence,
to the point that both the boob and the sage know this pre-eminence.
On his family, on his Companions and on those who give life to his Tradition,
the Purest Prayer accompanied by a Salvation which eliminates suffering.
This is the Support with whom I implore the Help
and then he preserved my entirety, in a way that defies suspicion.
THE GUARDIAN-VIGILANT Who shows me His Solicitude with Donations
totally saved me from the evil of the Carnal Soul, Satan and their consorts.
THIS IS THE ASYLUM With whom I sought protection
against a face turn toward something that would slow my steps.
Against the machination of my enemies, against the evil of my time,
the curse of speech, the curse of the eye, against calamity and blindness.
Against the veil and stopping [in the ascent), against doubts,
extremism and abuse, like the excommunicated.
I have here the resolution to be a servant of GOD, observing the prescriptions
and abhoring prohibitions, wherever it is necessary.
Attaching myself to the Messenger of God,
our Master Muhammad who erased sadness and distress.
I linked myself to Him secretly and obviously,
thus aiming at GOD Who has removed suffering.
I owe Him, for the FACE of GOD and not for anything else, something that enchants Him,
this is indeed a service that confuses other services.
However, poets have always been powerless to make his Praises suitable,
like the inability of the fingers to touch the celestial sphere.
He is the Assistant who protects Here and Beyond
of everything that attracts loss and regret.
GOD favored me to be, all the time the servant of Him [the Prophet]
and generously pushed the pain out of my reach.
He is the One whose constant concern for me,  rejoices me,
because this sustained Attention has generously brought me Approval.
That is my Intermediary With the DONOR-GRACEFUL (Al Wahhab) on Whom I count - may He be Exalted! -
He is the ALMIGHTY Who has broken the shackles.
THAT HE IS GOOD, THE GUARDIAN-VIGILANT Who has always preserved me
and never direct prejudice towards me, nor that which is unjust!
He [the Prophet] is the Intercessor whose Intercession in my favor is evident,
because, thanks to Him, the MASTER of the Throne (Al Carsh) protected me from the plague which is falling.