I see nothing but Him and I will not be
guided or have nothing else in anything.
Muhammad - which is granted him blessing and salvation -
is the rope that connects me to him. And He gave me eloquence.
The most generous granted me lasting joy,
namely that I am a friend, an intimate and a servant.
This speech is sent to Him. And He dissipated my troubles
and directed to others the great deceiver.
It helped me against enemies.
And they were defeated and were returned to others.
That a salvation be granted to the Eternal who gave me my reward
the one who made me inherit the right way!
That the one who asked me to be his servant
be granted salvation and blessing of the Lord Master of humanity.
To him that everything of me is adoration, for Him my praise
and Who exterminates anyone who frustrates me.
The royalty of the one that nobody surpasses granted me
what escapes to every mankind who confronts to me.
He spoke to me in private the great Savant,  the Informer
and showed himself generous to me the liberal and the great.
He satisfied me, the Beautiful, the Being useful!
the King raised me and He the one who raises!
The one who flooded me with graces and returned
my persecutions against my persecutors.
The King, the Master, the Possessor
which grants possession. He gave me ....
... A huge salary and a great reward. A Compensation.
And the promise arrived to me in the month of Ramadan.
The salary of the one who detains what is inexhaustible reached me
and this salary will never run out.
This service provided by me to the best of mankind of the universe Ahmad.
That God, the generous grant him blessings and salvation.
Has brought joy to my heart and the sweetness in my soul
and took away my persecutions to others.
My pen delighted the best mankind of the universe 
Upon him be the blessing and salvation,  He who puts an end to my sufferings.
Towards the Elected I directed everything that came useful and without damage.
And what is useful showed itself docile.
He is the intercessor. He is the brave.
With him persecutions and sufferings stopped.
Muhammad, that the blessing of God be granted,
to his family, his companions and whoever who becomme attached to him.
... Has removed my ordeal, stopped my diseases
and with an enjoyment all my wishes are realized.
Our Prophet, the Chosen by excellence, he is the best of the Prophets
that blessing be upon him and the salvation of my friend, my Master.
I delivered to him  my quite in broad daylight and in secret.
And it was he who got me my graces.
I offered my services(departments) to my Intercessor.
That he is blessed by the one who showed him superior.
I offered my services to the wiper of troubles, the Support of believers
and he led every decrier towards of other than we.
He is the prophet, the Messenger, the Friend
And he is intimate and it multiplies the bit.
That the salvation of the Eternal which will not stop, being sustainable,
be on the prophet, the messenger Ahmed.
That The Generous, the Lord continue to do my blessing and my salvation
on the prophet, my intercessor Muhammad.
That my blessing and my salvation reach the most sustainable
by the care of the Generous, the Lord, to my intercessor Muhammad.
Oh my God! Oh Almighty! O the Capable!
O You whose generosity was spilled on me.
I address to You this speech alone that day and before this day.
You made that my break of fast took it on my fast.
I come to You with this poem to thank him,
because before that day, You have already given me superiority.
I embellished this ode that here in recognition, that
O my Master, will continue to proclaim my gratitude.
You have granted me honors as the one who does what he wants may allow.
And everything I want to accomplish with You.
O My Lord, You have brought me from You the Holy Book
and I have expressed my enjoyment.
O Master! You have blessed my writings and other goods
and you showed yourself to me of an unlimited generosity.
In Your generous quality, you made me the possessor of power
to announce the good news to honor.
You made for me so that my heart has forgotten all the past persecutions.
You removed the injustice.
He who has not his equal
rewarded me for a way which went hunting far from me towards others, every decrier.
My Lord has granted me grace and say :
"God is one and no one is his equal."
God, who honors and who is the Eternal,
I was granted a one to one conversion that made disappear.
The Most generous granted me the most useful stand out with generosity.
My persecutions quickly disappeared.
I wish that this ode
to be a useful miracle.
O my Alive! O the Eternal grants blessings and salvation
to the one who brings the most charming speech.
To the one who brings the most charming speech
bless and grant him salvation.
Grant to whoever reads this poem
an intelligence that exceeds what they can imagine.
For the one who composed it, prolong the profit,
O You who protected him against the man of the illusions ( the colonialist) and to the barking dogs.
O Friend! O Clement! O Merciful!
O the Alive! O the Eternal! O the Generous!
He has just bet in private your admirer,
the Lord (the apostle) blessing and salvation.