My word is addressed to You this Saturday, in my home
for righteousness hath been discovered unto me, to defend me.
You woke me up yesterday, increase my knowledge and gifts,
light me eternally my spirit O Lord.
Make that my return in the (native) country a blissing for all.
Spare us from the day you bring people together to lead them into hell.
You The Generous, make my life an eternal happiness,
for the benefit of the Muslims and make that I can always make You happy.
Grant me this day something that will no longer be separated from me,
A constant happiness in both houses.
Lord, I invoke you in a way that is proper only to me, and that before me no one had yet succeeded,
make me an inexhaustible source that will serve me forever as a trough (to always succeed in my invocations, my poems).
Permanently directs me to openings on which
will bring happiness to the benefit of those who lead right to Islam and who are close to me.
You are the Knower who makes known to Your elect,
something very high that you have kept for your guide and at all times.
Take out of me a profit that will benefit me
which was difficult for me to possess and which I now succeed in having.
Eternize my part, eternize my name,
and spare me of the resurrection of the enemies who are only persisting.
Grant me today You the Generous everything I hope,
make me profit as a guide and faithful servant.
You have educated me, O my God, in the midst of my enemies in misery,
until my return to my property and without absence.
Bring to your slave what he has chosen to possess of You,
unless it is what is prohibited or banned and make it constant.
Make him benefit more than he expected from You,
You who can feast the one who was hungry before.
I hold a secret speech with You hoping that you will not deceive this faithful,
spare him thoughts (of good and evil) on the day of resurrection.
Acts to the detriment of the one who despises this faithful
there in the year of torment and yet this faithful goes up.
Make him enjoy this year a happiness that will never cease being,
on everything he plans to do with good and beautiful.
Return the enemy's hearts so that they help him
in the earth and in the sea, for You are one who can soften.
I hold a secret speech with you hoping for something that makes profit quickly,
You who direct the one who is in eagerness.
You Who are the Lord to whom I ask a return to Him
here and there in the Hereafter and grant me a return.
I abandoned what I sold yesterday looking for,
what can satisfy my needs now.
You The Light, You The Guide, You The Generous, You The Lord,
open me the gates, grant me, and make me profit by Your High Power.
Get me out of the tumult as quickly as possible, in favor of happiness and generosity,
so that I can establish the pillars of Islam.
Permit me to return to Touba, protect me
and spare me the evil deeds of the people, make my city calm.
You are the Possessor of the seven Heavens, of the seven Lands, of the seven Stars without any help.
Count the one who seeks You an equal.
Accept, honor and give praise to our guide Muhammad 
and through him, grant me a true ascension.