Must we cry the dead nobles
who were mourned even by the earth and the heavens?
I cry them hoping for this fact,
the grace of Him in Whom they have annihilated themselves with pleasure.
O sorrow! This sorrow which strikes my soul by the loss of eminent saints
who have left this world to a Lord who has called them to delights!
The nights as well as the months,
they weep as well as in the evening and in the morning with pain.
They were faithful and earnest servants, obedient to their Master
and this On, Most High proved to them, a Munificent and Merciful Lord.
They considered the efficient cause of disasters, aissing a "wird" 
or gorging themselves on food, even if they were legal in the eyes of the law!
When the night, with its opaque darkness, covered the face of the world,
they rose with a start to vivify the dark night.
They immolate all passion and vanity to the evocation of their Creator Lord,
sacrificing their night sleep to the intimacy (with GOD).
At night they fled their beds,
forgetting "Salma" and "Layla" with pleasure and satisfaction.
The most beautiful woman, appearing in its all beauty
they turned their backs to devote themselves, body and soul, to their Lord with fervor.
They forgot "Layla" and "Souda" in their prayers
liking incantations and verses.
Their subjects of conversation were always related only to the mention of the Absolute, the munificent Provider.
We hardly heard "Hind" or "Loubna" in their words.
People who, by arms, defeated their enemies
And became highly placed, filled with gifts and honors.
The principal pillars of the house of the mystics are four in number,
serving as a foundation for the building of Holiness (to know).
The silence and hunger patiently endured, 
the wake and the loneliness under the guidance of a spiritual director by the signs.
People whose way preserves the disciple of evil from Satan,
the great Rebel and all sorts of illusions.
Their bihaviour was to aim at the Face of GOD to the exclusion of all other passion,
applying the principles that eliminate the factors of debauchery.
That is, repentance, fear of GOD, hope,
the permanent attrition by contenting themselves with the strictly necessary.
Turning the back on everything that is temporal, then, probity
and abandonment to GOD as well as continual long-suffering.
The struggle against the carnal soul, being grateful to God for his transcendent will,
be satisfied with what is His will and stop looking at the worldly state of creatures.
The journey of the mystics requires ten preparations
which are indispensable to determined aspirants:
The resolution which precedes the voyage,
the guide who is only the spiritual head enough illuminated.
The pious fervor which serves as a viaticum, the ablution which takes the place of weapons
and which eliminates the state of impurity.
The unceasing repetition of the glorious name of GOD, which is their lantern,
Also a high concern of good will which takes the place of mount.
The awareness of his helplessness in abandonment to GOD, serves the Sufi as a support stick,
the determination which, in reality, is his belt according to the opinion of the people of the way.
The "sharîa" constitutes the road
they follow from beginning to end.
Brothers of the same purpose, determined, faithful
and sincere in brotherhood, serving as fellow travelers.
Each of these nobles belongs to a high rank,
capable of protecting the aspirant against the evil of a perverse rebel.
Each of them is a great spiritual director, a scholar and a probe.
Some of them educate by incantations and mystical states.
Among them there are some who raise their disciples, all the time,
by one state, but others educate and raise by signs (effective).
Each one is a sagacious connoisseur, knowing all the spiritual diseases,
preserving the aspirants (the Murid) from various sorts of misfortunes.
Each one is a noble, generous, devout and wise,
giving the most precious advice to all humans.
Healing the soul of all its vices, by His fervor,
having received from the Lord of the most eminent sciences.
Vulgarizing the knowledge of the way of the "men of GOD"
for all who wish to submit to it, by (divine) inspirations.
Each one has a very high concern by which he raises himself, all the time,
towards the omnipotent who confers strength and enlightenment.
Clearly seeing what is hidden, by the eye of his heart,
just as he scrutinizes and discerns what is hidden in the darkness.
Each of them has a sun-like light
by which he illuminates anyone who seeks to be enlightened.