I know - producing wonderful things by Inspiration DIVINE -
that the INNOVATOR pushes all the time misfortune.
I know that the Master of the Throne has a power
over all things and that He is all the time a Refuge for me.
It is on HIM that I lean through the Prophet,
upon Him the Prayer of GOD; That He is good the one whose Intercession is approved!
Upon You a Salute on behalf of the LORD, the MOST-HIGH,  on all your faction,
O You who intercede for creatures!
My pain, You have erased it with the Permission of God,
in the same way that He brought me what I expected and coveted.
Upon You both Greetings from ONE Who guided well me and who preserved well me,
in your quality of Creature that dazzles all other illustrious beings.
You are known as intercessor, Liberator and Savior;
it is through You that God brought me that is useful all the time.
My science, my gnostic knowledges, God has procured them for me through You,
because You are the Chosen and the Supreme Leader.
I am responsible, for the FACE GOD Whose Majesty is SUBLIME,
to You, all the time, praises that exalt your gifts.
My defects were formerly a plethora, but You erased them while I humbled myself At the GLORIOUS, 
through the Eraser (of sins).
I forgave all enemies for love of Him Who
chased them definitively to another one than me, and I have not found useful to defend myself.
I have some knowledge that my Master is in my favor
and the One whose traces are followed, curses anyone who hates me.
My fief is purified by the PROTECTOR
Who pushed me to another than me the enemies, without damaging altercation.
I once suffered from enemies, leading the holy war of the soul
and speaking to One who pushed them out of my reach.
The appearance of the Messenger of God in my favor granted me the fulfillment of wishes
and dismissed from me all evil.
I reached the rank of servant of the Chosen the Most Pure (Al Mustafaa),
It is Him who guards me and I am only highlighting GOD's Benefactions.
I was given thirst and I reached to the Sea (the most learned: the Prophet) in the ocean [where I was thrown] to serve 
The one whose Words despise Hyacinthe.
The Selected (Al Muntaqaa) has once dispelled my darkness definitively (on the occasion of my trip) in the sea
never I shall meet somebody in the hard heart.
All my containers were formerly presented to the Prophet,
and each (of them) overflowed beyond expectation.
I think getting everything I was looking in all things by purity,
and my Lord away to anyone than me everything that encumbers me.
Surely the thirsty who aspires to the Model (the prophet) is the one which
thirst will be quenched, the hunger quenched and who will rejoice the look that his prophet will give him.
The darkness of the one who  goes to the Eraser (of sins) are those of the person
whose heart will be illuminated and the tarnish removed.
The manifest appearance to myself of the companions of Selected (Al Muntaqaa) ensure me,
and I am the object of fear towards the enemy.
My stronghold (continues) to Paradise of the ETERNAL,
likewise, my heritage and my assemblies are ensured by a DEFENDER Who takes away (the disorder).
My LORD protects me, it is HIM Who animates my assemblies 
in the name of the Messenger of GOD of whom I animate myself the Way.
My LORD preserved from harm my hand, my tongue,
and my heart and my body and wiped my vanity.
My panegyric popularizes all benefits that the Prophet obtained;
it is the ocean that makes (the wishes) and removes (evil).
The Right Hand of the Prophet contains free gifts for any solicitor;
upon Him the Prayer of GOD, the Master of Forgiveness and Righteousness.
The Left Hand of the Prophet contains secrets against one who is hostile;
upon Him the safety of GOD Who moves out the rebels.
My completeness is in Its neighborhood by doing a service to Him; 
Thanks to Him and through Him, I obtained the closeness after having been taken away.
He likens me to his family and companions, and that eternally,
and gave me a secret that only the Vivifying knows.
Upon him Prayer and safety of the LORD, his family and his companions;
it was through Him that I got shortening (of my journey towards God).
That The One who GIVES THE ADEQUACY without penalty or hoarding, prays on the One who is the Best Chosen (Al Mukhtaar) 
on his entire family and his companions.
Donations that granted me turned to me in these terms:
"Make for Him a wonderful eulogy that convinces the holder of the best advice."
My mood (Lisaanul Hal) inspired me this: "Be a servant of Him
which defended you against challenges by the GRACE of GOD, with careful."
The ETERNAL who loves me keeps me from His enemies until to Paradise;
He animates, in the name of the Best Chosen (Al Mukhtaar), my completeness.
I owned Near my Lord a benefit that far surpasses the waves and the ocean,
through the panegyric of the One who made me forget the evil of the ship and its anguish.
My intentions and my needs are addressed to my Lord through praise and recognition
and He is in my favor by filling me with Gifts.
My only destiny is to be the slave of my Lord and servant of the One to whom
I address with thanksgiving, love and resolution.
Your Eminent Donations, O You who are my everything!, are obvious to everyone,
but those ones (the donations) are the top-of the poem and the versification.
The Spiritual Stations (Maqaamaat) for the Best Creature are unknown to anyone other than his LORD
and for this, refer yourself to Sura entitled "the Star" (Surah 53).
No creature is similar to Muhammad, the Best Chosen (Al Mukhtaar)
upon Him both Greetings from ONE Who Owns the Command and the Judgment.
Muhammad the Famous, the Eraser (of sins), the Generous,
Nobility is its peculiarity, He is free from any defects.
He is the one who fulfills, It is the Fulfillled, the Approved, It is the Terror of the enemies, 
the Legalist and He is the Messenger of Arabics and the other peoples.
He is the Illuminator, He has dispelled our fears, He is the Solution,
He is Pleasant and he is protected from the human beings and from the illusion.
He is an abyss of Sciences, He is the Hope, He is a Favor for us all,
He is Undaunted, He delivers from sins and injustice.
GOD erased in me, in the name of the Prophet, everything that is wrong
and it is through Him that I became a servant slave free from sorrow.
It is Beside of God, the MAASTER Throne, that I solicit the Prayer
and the Safety for the Chosen the Most Pure (Al Mustafaa) that exceeds the ocean from afar.