I write and I am totally separated from sin and of associations,
My Lord never having agreed to the deal I made in renunciation.
My words, my intentions and my actions are directed
to the ONE Who saved me from evil, danger and doubt.
The WATCHFUL-GUARDIAN and DEFENDER preserved me from all enemies
and has attracted for me supporters by which I reveal my devotion.
I write and my intention is to give thanks to my Lord,
speaking to the One whose love has removed the affliction of my heart.
You are honorable, you are over the top of all , O Best Messenger!
That the Prayer which the sweetness of the smell is over that of the "musk" spreads on You.
You dispelled the darkness and guided all of us,
upon You a Salute which exhalation surpasses far way that of "bunkj".
My afflictions - O You the Key (of GOD)! - You have erased them in me,
as formerly, You droved the enemies, the ignorance and the deception.
You clothed the naked, also You fed the family
and freed the prisoner of his shackles, O You who are the best Deliverer.
You dispelled the darkness of my heart and totally defended me by the protection of the ONE Who,
whenever a complainant goes to HIM, HE gives him satisfaction.
You gave me drink in your Cups with great joy
and brought me streams of inspiration that make me to forget the ocean and boats (the feluccas).
Your Book is my Religion, He is my friend and my Familiar
it is through which that the RECTOR directed me and purified my soul.
An Honorable Book from the  ALL-GENEROUS Who Honore
by which I am preserved of enemies, sin, and of associations.
I testify my gratitude to my Master (God), because HE is Who has broken me the shackles,
IL attracted me a flood of generosity that despises the sea and the rain.
The Praise returns to Him, as well as the recognition, without limit,
HE is the ONE, the PROVIDER Who increases what is low.
My recognition is for Him after my praise;
in my capacity as the representative of the One  whose liberality gave me gifts that despise downpour.
You are the Primacy and the excellence, O You the Best Lord
beside the UNIQUE DOMINATOR the MASTER MOST-HIGH of creatures!
To You the knowledge, the Actions and the Good all together;
upon You the Blessing of God, You who are the top-of the human species.
To You the  Advantage, You who are the Best Chosen (Al Mukhtaar), O You the Lord of creatures!
upon You Peace of GOD Who wiped the degradation.
You are certainly the Guide of Messengers, from authoritative source,
they all received You during your Night Journey (Isra) and each one has prayed (behind You).
You carried the garment of Honor, the Excellence and the Eminence
and there is in You the Moral qualities that are over of everything.
You met by the enemies of the barriers that have proven to all of us
that You are the hero who baffled their cohort.
The one  who comes to You to seek Thanks and Good Direction
will be filled of donations of the carrier of Good News that reject poverty and deprivation.
The one who comes to You under the influence of ignorance and rashness,
will meet a horrible punishment that causes poverty and death.
In your favor, I try all the time beside GOD that HE spread His Prayer
and Its Salvation upon You, O You who broke the shackles!
It is God Who brought me to the Act in the name the Chosen, the Most Pure (Al Mustafaa)
that I abandon myself as a servant hired without stumbling.
It's about HIM that I rely, in Him giving thanks in the service of the Slave (of GOD)
who conducted, through Him, the Night Journey beyond over the seven Heavens.
Upon the Chosen the Most Pure (Al Mustafaa), the Best of humans, in this case Muhammad,
the Prayer of the ONE Who gave me a donation that perpetuates my fortune.
Upon You on the Prayer of God, O Best Elected!, Accompanied by His Salvation,
O You who came for the Good Guided of the Trunk and Branches! (of The World Tree).
Upon You the Prayer and the Salvation of THE ONE that everything depends,
as well as HE granted me, from You, the eminent qualities and the return.
Upon You a Prayer and a Salvation encompassing all your faction,
from the VAST, the ETERNAL Who perpetuates my freedom.
You are raised above all and could not face YOU only the person doomed to damnation,
who is exposed to the curse and knockback.
I seek refuge in the ONE Who has made You as a Slave, as a Lord,
as a close Friend, as a Beloved, definitely giving me His evocation.
His Gifts on land and at sea (in my favor) make me testify HIM recognition
since He soothed my soul and provided to my livelihood.
Its Wonders appeared to me at sea and on land,
by the fact that You are  my Patron and I have enjoyed them.
My science, my esoteric knowledge and my actions are, because of to You,
impeccable and exclusive the the ONE Who gave me the Writings and the Law.
You erased my pain by the WILL of GOD,
and the ONE Who removed the stumbling block to another than me and has purified my life.
My completeness heads the Unique Master of creatures, because of gifts that He has chosen for me
and, delivering me from all criminal and any incapable of my care.
My language, my pens, my heart and my body are devoted to ONE THAT GIVES THE ADEQUACY,
the NOBLE-GENEROUS and PROFITABLE Who is Too High to have an equal.
IL has sent us the Chosen Prophet the Best, the One who is appointed to the First Rank of Servant
the Favorite Firend and the Beloved who is the top-of the elite.
He returns to Him all the time my praises, in my quality of a servant and interlocutor,
it is through Him that the most beneficial of what is lawful falls to me in his praises.
To you the Illustrious Miracles, O YOU the Best Lord!
upon You Prayer of GOD O You the Maker of Unity!
You are the True Patient, the Recognition, the Good Counsel;
upon You the Salvation of GOD, O You who take away the ignorance!
To You the  Extraordinary Miracles that has previously
operated undoubtedly all the Messengers.
It is towards You the Tree has walked by its trunk for your call,
as well as a moon has splitted, preferably bearing witness to the occasion.
It is up to the ONE Who revealed the Verses by which You have led me,
forming a Precious Book that made obvious the Truth by discernment.
My tongue and my other limbs, like my service with them, through You,
I entrust Him my spirit, my soul and my action.
It belongs to Him all the time my intentions, my science, my service,
my soul, my body and all my completeness, without separating them.
You are the True Friend, the Most Dearest, O Best Intercessor!
the ETERNAL Who is the GUARANTOR of my completeness,has not created Your equal.