Felicity to you Mary, as overabundance of good works
holy patron of charitable and chaste women.
You are above all elected women
of the Lord, Sublime and Unfathomable.
The extentiateur Act of God has provided to you, without a doubt,
the most distinguished messengers [Jesus].
Happiness to whoever trusts in you,
without any condemnation.
For it is obvious to every believer
you are the favorite humble obedients [to God].
You the mother of the best of generous [Jesus]
you are freed from all worship other than that of the Lord.
The infinite holy merits counted towards you 
led me to make you homage by this ode.
You were rewarded with favors which make happy 
any scrupulous and convinced believer.
I shall formulate, this day, praises in your favor 
which, certainly, will provide me a emeitus life.
Which will continue until the paradise, 
and without any pretension of exhausting your immense virtues.
You are the heiress of the noble prophetic descent 
And you are not a sinner.
You are the symbol of the cautiousness 
and of the moral righteousness.
The Lord immensely approved
your good works.
Your son [Jesus] got what
he aspired to his Lord, the Impenetrable.
My wish, by writing this ode, is to obtain the enjoyment of God, 
by what He will immortalize your neighborhood.
Beside him, Him the Lord of the celestial kingdoms 
and the Supplier of the righteousness and the sincere worship.
I implore the Lord,
Holder of Act of existence.
So that this poem is you a strong argument [against false accusations carried against you],
And, to me, is a motive for fulfillment of my prayers.
O Mother of the Holy Spirit,
O mother of one through whom the darkness is dispelled.
Your son did not go out on the cross,
he was raised with his Lord.
May God's blessing be on you and your son
the one through whom ignorance is eradicated.
So that the adoption of legal practices
is within reach of every pious scholar.
Accept this present
And do not reject hit.
According to the act of the Lord, the Most Generous
who agreed to spread his humble mildness on your ancestor [Eve].