I give myself over everything with praise and thanks, 
O Friend of believers and grateful.
O Holy! O Almighty! O Auxiliary! Be with
believers, because you are the guide and the farseeing.
Translation not available!
Translation not available!
Translation not available!
Translation not available!
Translation not available!
Translation not available!
You was helpful by giving them greater faith
Be also useful to all by providing them security.
By faith and Islam, Thou has protected them. 
Therefore ensures preserving all the blame.
O Thou who heaped praise! You gave the
precedence to the Lord of men,Ahmed the prophet and Angels.
Always give them blessing and salvation even
you covered with shame anyone who does not love you.
You who revealed the word, blessing and grants
salvation to the prophet and apostles and other messengers.
To The Prophet Muhammad and his family, grants
blessing and salvation! Approve my request.
Decrees for ever which makes the joy of the Chosen (Al Muntaqaa)
Approve my service!
Facilitates the Lord of mankind's his choice
O Thou! Sustainable who made the Chosen by excellence.
O Thou Useful, grant your prayer and your salvation
eternally to the one that leads to You every worshiper.
Decides a prayer to all the prophets and messengers
sent with a salavation and thank my writings.
O the Useful, grants salvation, blessing and respect to
the Prophet his family and to his noble companions.
May the blessing of the Master of the immense throne,
the eternal, to be given to his family and to those who praise God by excellence.
Returns the evil plans of the enemies against them,
O you who gave me which allows me to confuse my enemies!
Grants to any follower of Islam, men and women
any means which diverts injustice to others.
To every believer men and women,
grants them pure joy that last.
To any benefactor men and women
gives them the greatest joys that can be appreciated!
Move towards the community of the apostle of God
That he be granted the best divine blessings!
Relief of one who, when he says something "is" it is,
O you who understand the vows that do not exist!
Today I speaks to you about believers
thanking you and praising you, O Help! O the Recognizing!
To do what I want, you have given me the power to "thirsty"
and it is without hatred or argument.
This month, you forever away Ibliss towards another 
and every being who does not love you!
Towards those who believed well, perform their religious duties
and do it better, O Thou that covers shame to non-Muslims.
Grant the same favor to the Prophet's community,
that the Master, he is majestic, grant him blessings and salvation.
A favorable response that chases forever
to other, enemies and disease!
O the Useful! O the Generous, O Guard by Excellence!
Answer me favorably and every being that says "Amen".
O Supervisor for Excellence! Keep the Best Apostle community
away from those who are unfaithful to the Messengers!
Ensure them in this world a glowing victory!
Announce to them a good news in this world in the other!
Gives the followers of Islam what increases your affection
for them, O Thou who owns the argument!
Exemption those who believe the constraint of having to
rely on enemies and have confidence in them.
To the prophet, the Apostle, the safe shelter, grant blessing
and salvation, O thou who exterminates the detractor!
In the Chosen, to his family and his noble companions
grant blessing and salvation and fulfill my wish!
O Thou who owns the created beings and things
O Thou that suffice, who hast saved me from thinness!
I have spoken to You today and yesterday
and no doubt, you've met my expectations.
Ensure the prophet Ahmad's community,
I ask the being who is worthy of praise, to give him a blessing.
A big resounding victory for the greathest
as the smallest. Tames their competitors!
Keep the hadith and sciences derived therefrom, as the book
away from the evil of those who refuse to be Muslim.
O Thou the Breeder, O the Excellent! Raise me with the book 
and the derived sciences with authentic hadiths.
You've given me everything without remove it!
Thou hast heard my vows just when I formulated them.
Give me what I want! Make me useful to humanity
O Thou who serve me as a cannon!
You have turned away from me the arrows of evil due to the Chosen
by excellence and you have given me what pious wish.
You gave me that will never be the wonder object
in the eyes of the righteous saints.
Thou hast bestowed a grace that whoever gets it, nothing will escape him.
And You were generous to me in a secret way.
You drove away from me every being who hated me making him flee
by an evil that has made him a damned forever.
O God! O Merciful! O Seer!
O Almighty! O Merciful! O Auxiliary!
You saved all those who are attached to me from demons. 
So hear my gratitude!
My thanks to Clement.
King and Merciful Master of time.
He honored me in my place in my country
The One who gives honor and purifies my mind by securing me.