Wherever I am, O my Vivifier!
My heart and my mind make You instantly visit with great joy.
My praise which I urge my soul lists
Your Wonderful Donations which are endless.
My conviction prevents me from abandoning the praise of a Leader 
in the name of whom the ETERNAL protected me from inequitables and from misguided.
It is incumbent to my right hand an approved tribute of writings,
serving my Favorite friend  who is the master of Medina, being myself overwhelmed with donations.
Upon You Prayer and Salvation of the ONE with Who
You shook the enemies by your handle (of sand) which You threw.
It reaches You from me at any time and all the time 
an approval and a gratitude accompanied with my love for the ALIVE (GOD).
That the Eternal Which favored me of Its Revelation spreads Its Prayer and Its Salute on You, on your family 
And on your companions.
THE ETERNAL enchants You with my writing, as Consideration, 
even if I am distant from the ground of Medina.
My Lord rules out through You, to another than me, everything I do not like,
down here and in the Afterlife, O You who ensure me the Protection!
The ETERNAL sent me the Good News of the PROFITABLE all the time through You,
O You the Worthy of Primacy of Excellence and Authority!
My completeness glorfies Yours, Today and Tomorrow
and if it please my Lord, one will not see me tired.
My all just strengthen my bond of friendship and my service,
through Him who gave me immediately the best of stations.
This is by the GOODNESS of God that I parted with all that entails reprimand,
which is directed towards people who have no connection with me.
I dropped, by the GOODNESS of God, everything that is vanity to direct me
to the TRUTH (GOD), and my faith was strengthened by the GRACE of GOD.
The Stores of my Lord are opened to me and took away to another than me the evil of life Here Netherlands,
that of the hereafter and that of the Isthmus (Bazakh).
Receive from me recognition and accept it so as to give me the promotion and brings with it joy
to the Elected the Purest (Al Mustafaa), O YOU the BEST RECTOR Who invested!
I came out of all evil, in the company of the Eraser of sins, by the GOODNESS of my Lord,
and never goes to me a magnificent...
Your Speech, O Best Creature!
makes my happiness and will reassure me entirely when we shall blow in the Trumpet.
You repulsed the enemies and took away the corrupted 
towards one other than I, while each tried to damage me.
Your servant is satisfied by You, accepts its gratitude 
for the FACE of THAT through the love of Whom, he is annihilated in You.
His sins were erased after repentance
From the LORD to whom returns the slave (the Sheikh) who humbles front HIM.
Accept my service, O the Best Chosen!, in this year, for the Love of God;
upon You the  both Prayers by the GOODNESS of Who I rejoice in You.
I departed from what is abject, only by the GRACE of GOD,
and the deal I made with HIM is a binding contract.
My trip in your company for the Love of my LORD took place prior to the year 1325H;
and will head towards other than me and never in my direction, the one who makes remonstrance.
My trip (departure in Exile) and my return to my home
erased my instability of yesteryear.
For HIM also the recognition, after an eternal praise
upon the Elected the Purest (Al Mustafaa), Best Creature who is Favored.
I finish up being a slave of my LORD, the MOST-HIGH
and a interlocutor of Him whose Advantage is obvious to one who is endowed with finesse.
The verse: "IT has come to you ..." (S.9 V.129) has came to us doing your praise
on behalf of GOD, Glorious MASTER of Throne, Who gives Excellence.
It appears in the Qurhan passages that show your Primacy
which provides additional donations.
It is You who have received overwhelming Prophecy
while Adam was (latency) between the water and clay.
It falls to each of the Elite of creatures advantages and merits,
but no slave is like the son of Abdallaah with the Sublime.
Each of Lords has the prestige and consideration,
but the rank of the Elected the Purest (Al Mustafaa) the Gracious, is the Most High.
Certainly if Predecessors Messengers expressed Signs,
it is through You they obtained them from of THE ONE Who grants the benefits.
I submit myself entirely, through You, to the Master of the Throne,
and to my Viaticum up to (entrance) in Paradise is the Best Revelation (the Qurhan).
I beseech for You from my Lord its two Greetings all the time,
for your family and for your companions, O the Best Messenger!
My gratitude after praise, without hesitation,
is testified to my Lord Who made harmless to me the enemies through You.
My concerns have now turned to the ONE Who separate the ground (once) compact of heaven and earth,
I am certainly his slave who is devoted to Him and He made me the gift of liberation.
My pen endorse an action of debt grace to HIM,
for my separation without altercation of reckless and libertines.
The hatred of the instigators of associationism attracted me everything I hoped,
and certainly I am for myself grateful for such separation.
The hearts of those who are hostile move towards any other than us,
as well as their bodies, and God ensures the continuity of my house.
I intend to be thankful to GOD, a suitable recognition
speaking to the Best Creature, both by his physics as his character.
You are Preeminent by the WILL of the SUBLIME, O our Prophet Messenger!
You got the Excellence, O You the Defender of Truth by the Truth!
God revealed to You verses that hunted towards another than me
all creatures except those He selected for me.
I conquered by them (verses) the envious;
they form a shield by which the LORD has preserved me and broadened my horizon.
Their recitation is my treasure, my prestige and my strength,
I had to fully enjoy, through them, of my true quality Beside GOD.
I approached by them to the REVELATION disposed towards me;
through them, I made Him Satisfied with me by my gratitude, by the action and by the word.
I refreshed my eyes with them and they have delighted my soul;
it is by them that I reached to GOD Who Opens and Who Closes.
God has met my needs with the One who brought them to us
and I'm sure, for them, a servant engaged with freedom.