I dedicate You my praises, O Holder of the Kindness 
and the Felicity! O You the Rich!
Through your Person I invite all people to God
To him all the servants belongs and Who generates all growth.
It is through You that I have ever erased my errors
and it is through You that I seek the best elevation.
It is by your grace that I refer of to You, that God pushes away the evils of me
and He attracts and Benefits to me without having to emigrate.
You deleted my imperfections and preserved my family circle
without any affliction or decline.
O You who erase as any other the erring ways! You erased of my heart any tendency [towards something else than the right]
and preserved me from pranks of youth. 
You are my Beloved, Thou we love through my person
without defect or subordination.
O the Most Vigilant of Shepherds!
the Best of those who call to GOD, the Master of Heaven ...
May the Lord who made your praise when throwing arrows give You Peace
as well as those who were with You ...
May the Lord who honored through You, the Augustus Elected Assembly,
grant you forever Salavation and Worthiness.
It is by Your grace I guide [mine] and it is through you that I generate profit in their favor,
O Thou that surpass all Ascended!
These elected who gave proof of a beautiful insight to the way of the Prophet,
The one who cures of the carelessness and shades off the darkness.
They undoubtedly showed perspicacity towards the Messenger
endowed with the Magnificence which threw the error and the tyranny...
He constitutes) Master whom we obey and the Brave Fighter 
that are afraid the [non-believers] who reject the Truth...
It is the Master whom the Lord has spoken to, He is the Servant with the Purity
and who was pledged to the Divine preference.
It is the Noble endowed of august one ancestry 
And the Fabulous Being in the legendary generosity.
It is Invaluable that we can not compare to anyone
and the undisputed leader of the Assembly of the Prophets.
He is the Sun of suns, the Supreme Head of all heads
and the best companion for the Saints.
This is the Remedy of hearts, Light that illuminates the homes,
full Moon in the sky and brilliant clarity.
It's Asylum servants grateful to God but is a relentless Lion to the infidel
and who is hunting the rebel brimming with hatred.
It symbolizes both the Eden for all rightly guided servant and Hell against transgressors,
He whose primacy proves beyond doubt in the eyes of every man endowed with intelligence.
He who rehabilitates faults, which is provided by donations Badges
and who guides the creatures without any excess.
The Excellence and Intercession of power vested in him,
Him to whom we owe the worship assembly and who enjoys preeminence.
If he ever happens to him a person in search of knowledge,
another seeking fortune and one with hostile intentions ...
The first is certainly well-guided, the second fulled of gifts
while the latter will cause its own loss and misfortune.
This is the guide that preserves from trouble, it is the Light that enlightens the Path of God,
One that leads to salvation and who announced the Good News of the Beyond to People of Righteousness.
This is the defender who attends his supporters, the Herald with Clairvoyance
and the inflexible Lion who warned rebels about the perils of the afterlife.
Never missing to fill the plaintiffs, 
He is the Comforter of the afflicted ones who listens to obligingly the requests of the applicants and the needy ones.
He insures the protection of the servant engaged in the Way of God,
provides asylum to the workshiper and dissipates the darkness in front of the pious servants being afraid of GOD.
Fortune of the poor man, Comforter of the low and broken beings, 
it is the Appeal of the destitutes in search of asylum.
A Visible Reality and an other hidten one return to Him, 
He who constitutes the Interlocutor who addressed to the ETERNAL.
He had the Privilege to have a dialogue with His LORD 
having obtained His Remuneration and Its Enjoyment.
It returns to him pious works and subjects of rejoicing;
Houris will welcome Him in the term of the existence...
To Him I address on this day 
Having resolutely made act of repentance for any imperfection.
He returns to You [O Messenger!] Miracles from God, the Master of creatures,
which were never granted to those who preceded or succeeded you.
It is a part of your faculty to divert an evil from the servant 
who dreads it when invoking God by Your grace.
O You the Best Creature that [of me] repulsed calamities
to [transgressors] wading in wrong! You have assured my salvation ...
You are the Master Noble and Generous whom I am the servant,
I also dedicate myself forever to sing your praise ...
I have dedicated eulogies that lead to bliss
and preserve from humiliation and pain.
I was well rewarded, through thy praises, with a certain benefit
and Success as well as the Edifice I have built.
However, I feel unable to fully accomplish this task;
could I ever sing as it should [the Prophet] like the poetry virtuosos?
My ink has dried up and my heart distraught,
can not rent as it befits the Orthodox Caliphs Guide ...
How to get there I also sing well enough that Vivifier
which even the most sagacious men have never managed to properly the praise?
So I will appeal to all God's servants
to invite them to the Prophet, this unshakable Pillar ...
O People of lands and seas! Hasten immediately to the Righteous,
make haste to all the the Ocean of generosity!
He who wiped my deficiencies, taught me the occult mysteries
and purified my heart from any tarnish.
He who led the Benefits to me, decimated the enemy camp
and made my wishes and assured me prosperity.
He who heals vices, provides the Virtues
and gives life to the dilapidated houses.
What a great man that our Beloved Master! That He is remarkable that Bosom Firend,
This Insightful that has removed the veils [obstructing the Truth]!
He protected my own, dispensed me from the fight with weapons
and ended my odyssey without my having to go to war.
He eclipsed the evils, unveiled the Benefits
and provided joy to one who founded hope in Him.
He healed my diseases, cast out my pain
and led his servant that I am to the Salvation.
He broke the shackles which held me and rewarded me favors in abundance,
also harms did they ever turned away from me, the benefits are being installed for ever.
The Prophet, whose liberality is well known, has taken away the misfortunes,
spread Wonders and ruled out  forever the scourge [off me].
He drained all kinds of Benefits to my places of residence,
He whose Support to me turns out obvious following the example of the Magnificence.