This is the resort that creates a profit for the applicant
and that is a Lion intractable against treacherous enemies.
It belongs to Him countless Exploits, Miracles
and undefined Prodigies.
Such as the gazelle that one day spoke to him or the iguana who gave him a salute
or the bird that worshiped him like geniuses.
Like the tree he made to walk, the rain that he brought down,
the well he did overflow without the aid of any rope.
Like the tree stump which moans of affection [for not to break away from Him]
or the wolf that came to tend the herds.
He gained glory during his Nocturnal Ascension
when He physically traveled and in a proven way [to the CREATOR] ...
Glory to the Lord that made travel by night the Beloved Prophet
so as to move more closer to Him and to purify him!
He thus began his nocturnal journey after being duly purified,
sparking a perpetual joy in the Prophets [that He visited by the way].
The Journey of the Integre Prophet Integrates gone up on a Guaranteed Frame (Al Buraq) 
in the company of the Believer Gabriel towards the Messengers endowed with the Purity ...
[This trip] put an end to ignorance, has revealed his Greatness
and his Imposing presence in the eyes of every pious man.
[The Prophets] provided with Purity, when they received him,
placed him at their head and expressed to him their deference.
He thus appeared as their leader and then, having left them,
He outclassed them all after his Ascension.
He thus returned during the night,
bringing more abundant favors that a downpour Source of the LORD.
He brought of this Journey Donations who filled people of the right way 
and saddened the perverts.
He acquired the Perfection and surpassed all men of God,
acceded beyond their limits by special Divine Favor.
He was pledged to the Majesty and Splendor of God,
the MOST HIGH, the Master of Heaven.
Glory to this illustrious man that protects mine,
He who is the Protector of men and the Rampart of women.
That He is Beautiful and Generous!
What a great leader that who placed at the head of all chiefs!
It is He who protects against Satan, the Perfidious, that dispels the illusion
and provides access to pies works without any procrastination.
He built the buildings he appealed on Benefits
and that gives joy to [worshipers] ...
To Him I will dedicate, morning and evening, eulogies,
having acceded [with Him] to Success.
So I will dedicate half of the time to the Prayer on the Prophet 
and other half to praise while devoting myself to his imitation.
Be upon him that the prayer of the Lord who made him Glorious
in the point to surpass all pious men.
May the Salvation be upon him, his Rank enhanced
and its Retribution increased [above that given] to all clairvoyant man.
May the Supreme Accreditation also be granted to [his dear companion Abu Bakr]
the Venerable symbolizing the Gate of Good Way, the gifted in belief ...
May the Almighty's approval, the MASTER of the Decree, be granted to [Umar]
his faithful lieutenant, the Sword of the Prophet who brought the Good News of the Hereafter ...
May the Most Excellent Accreditation from the LORD be granted to [Uthman]
the one with the Light and a high sense of modesty ...
May the approval of God, one Who answers the prayers, and the elevation to be granted to [Ali]
the intimate Friend of the Prophet and the Brave Lion of battles ...
Can a glowing Approval be granted to all the Companions,
the ones who answered the call of God on the day of anguish.
What great men that these Companions who, defeating the enemy
and making defeated, swooped in melees during the event.
May the satisfaction of God, He who hears everything,
be granted to all of them [the Judgment Day] Day of Fear and Questioning.
They who provide benefits to those who solicit favors
but that will cause the misfortune of those who are animated by hostile intentions.
They are all brave and full of fidelity
never failing to distinguish themselves during the confrontation.
What great men that these Valiant knights Fightersbwho defended [the Cause of Islam]
and decimated the enemy without ever giving in to cowardice.
It is by their grace that I have forgiven [to my enemies] without any rancor
and I managed to refute the slanders.
Thus the harmful enemies will ever head somewhere else by the grace of the Prophet,
The one who tightened the ear only at the good and who routed the reckless.
I fully recovered my affairs to the Prophet who perpetuated my existence
and the fighters of Badr without any procrastination.
As I said - and certainly [Satan], which attacks his opponents with boldness,
will turn more towards me - this:
O [Lord]! You who hold the Majesty and Absolute Greatness!
O MASTER by excellence! Agree to grant my prayer that here is ...
Deign to grant Peace and Salavation to the Prophet, Your Privilged Interlocutor,
to protect my houses and to preserve my heart.
For the Messenger through which one reaches the realization of wishes,
to that Vigilant Guardian ...
... Give Peace and perpetual Salvation,
then agree to accept what comes out of my pen as well as the building that I built.
O LORD! You who hold the Will and the Profit!
Perpetuates my happiness forever and grant me Your solicitude.
Preserve me from enmity, strengthened my righteousness
and strengthens my compliance with the Sunnah of the Prophet without any pain.
Make my spiritual retreat to be pure, spare me the contempt,
make enjoyable my livelihood as well as night and daytime.
O You Who Owns the Attribute of Existence! May you remain in my favor by Your Infinite Generosity
and raise my sleep over acts of worship.
Give me Your Affection and satisfy my ambitions,
O You Who makes access your servant to Profit without requiring compensation ...
Grant me the favor to persist in Good Works
and preserve me from illusion by elevating me to the rank of a servant whose rejoice all clairvoyant man.
Agree to accept everything that comes from my pen
and to be Satisfied with my words without any remonstrance or denial.
Make my tongue right, illuminates my heart,
assure my safety and my make purity firmed.
[O LORD!] You have averted the danger which threatened me and have given me the favors,
may You preserve me from the injustice of [the enemies] tainted by ostentation.
Preserves mine from misguidance
and perpetuates my prosperity through lawful property.
Preserve me from blame, let me the Book as donation
and accept my repentance, O You who approved my Pact!
O LORD who does not have any one like You! O You who behave like no other!
You have soothed my heart after my quest for well ...
Agree to grant Peace and Salvation to the Prophet who completed [the mission that was entrusted to him]
and to preserve my integrity for eternity ...