Glory to the Obvious TRUTH [GOD], HIM Of whom the Availability in my favor is certain, 
by the Obvious Book [ the Qura'n], as well as by all the Benefactions.
I praise my Lord, the immeasurable, a superabundant and endless praise,
praying on the Noble who headed  the creature towards the ONE Who grants Benefits.
I thank the MASTER of the Glorious Throne, a recognition which involves increased benefits,
by addressing the salute to Him who is Unique, by my heart and my words.
I testify gratitude HIM because HE me particularized by the service of the Sublime Eraser,
by doing a service to Him obviously, Him who broke my yoke.
It is to Him that my remarks are addressed, calling for what was his Vow,
He granted me what I wanted as provisions for the Honorable House.
O YOU our Lord! O YOU our Lord! O YOU our Lord! O YOU our Lord!
O YOU our Lord! accept our action, by the Grace of the  Selected who is Venerable.
Every year, at the time of my eulogy, I request the Prayer and the Safety 
Of the ONE WHO is HONORED (Al Mukarrimi), in favour of the Purest Elected representative (Al Mustafaa) on whom we pray.
Pray on the One who is made Pole of the Universe as soon as He came, 
On his family, the owners of the donations and on his companions and honor them all.
Pray on the One who is made Better Prophet, made Most Better
when the Grandfather was veiled in the mud, and glorify him.
And grant a Salute - O LORD! - for the Seal of the Prophets 
and Messengers which are the pure, Him who is our Respectable Guide.
And grant a Prayer - O Master of Benefits! - The Messenger of Mercy,
the One that locks the door of punishment, He who is the reason of being of all creation.
Then grant Your Salute - O YOU the UNIVERSAL SUPPORT! - To the Prophet Muhammad,
his family, as well as admirers [of God] and be in favor of the one who follows the traces.
O YOU and the REMAINING ESSENTIAL! Approve my services
and do accept them by the Preeminent, O YOU who have illuminated my path!
This one is the Flower of the Arabs, this one is the Sustainer of needs,
This one is the Way of Care, He is the Therapeutic of sick people.
Grant Prayer to Him who is the Gate of Righteousness, to one whose influence is vast,
the One who favors with donations, the Lion of the enemies, the sink of danger, the Gate of Eminence and Honor.
Grant Your Salute to the Integrate (Al Amin), High Placed, (near GOD) and Solid,
This one is the Protector, and He is who is worthy of this praise, and honor Him.
This one is unique and Glorious, Pious and He is singular,
He who directs the blindman straightness to Paradise.
O YOU THE POWERFUL! Grant Prayer and Salute to Your Torch that illuminates;
This one is the Bringer of Good News by the blessing and warning by the Punishment.
This one is the Messenger of Harmony is the one that has the Generous Hand
and He is the Master of Eloquence, He is the Fighter Messenger.
O YOU who have preserved me from the anguish! Grant Prayer and Salute
to the Most Praised (Ahmad), the charming and grant me generous godsends.
Enchant my outside and inside in the Name of the Pure Being,
O YOU who, through him, forgave my venial and deadly sins!
O YOU in the hands of Whom is my hope!
Grants from me Your prayer to Him who is Draped (A Muzammil), to the perfects (companions) as well as the whole of the Community.
O YOU the INNOVATIVE! Grant Your Salute to Him who is Obeyed and is obedient;
This one is the intercessor whose intercession is approved, Your Beloved Very Estimated.
Grant Your Prayer to the One woh is Venerable - O YOU who have preserved my confusion!
Clears Beside YOU and to Him my anguish and glorify Him.
O our Lord! O our Lord! O our FRIEND! O our BELOVED!
Approved our writings by Your Chosen the Most Pure (Al Mufustafaa) which is my Spiritual Ascension Scale.
Grant Your  Prayer and Your Salute to him who responded the first "Yes, no doubt!"
the Day of Interrogation "Am I not ...." before the pronunciation of others.
Grant Your Prayer the Best Messenger - O YOU Who fulfill the request by his Grace!
To his family, his companions who are righteous and approve my pen.
Grant me the favor of a pen that is the Joy of Him who is proposed at the First Attendant Rank
and promulgates through Him, my preeminence, without prejudice or harm.
Grant Your Prayer and Your Salute to the Best Prophet who led the creatures with a good conduct,
O YOU who have preserved me from the misconduct through Him.
It is He who is over any other than Him among creatures by a his good Guided,
so its name is engraved on Your Glorious Throne.
On Paradise on their roofs and, on Faces and Caves
He who has eradicated all idolatry by spears and swords.
He drove the rights to happiness by the Best Infinitely Wise word [the Qur'an]
Thanks to His Lord, the REMAINING, the PRIMORDIAL; I celebrate the glory of the ONE Who does not sleep.
Grant Your Prayer and Your Salute all the time to whom who,
in the Night of His birth, were banned hardened sinners.
The Night of the Birth of the Prophet is the Night of annihilation,
the Night Dissipation of punishment and purification of the people tainted by sin.
The Night of deliverance, prosperity accompanied by joy and success,
that of the advantage and virtue, with the remoteness of torment.
This Night contains visible Miracles, held authentically reporters, 
such as the fire [of the pyrees] which went out, with the dissipation of the distress.
The source of "Sawa" which was so prominent and so prestigious
for Persia before religion (Muslim) became nonexistent.
Such as pebbles thrown in comets to hunt
the suspects of their espionage of the news of the Prophet, and they returned with regret.
This night, the Evil [Satan] was cast out of the Celestial Spheres by jets as shooting stars
and he fled, empty-handed and blamed with her distress faction.
This night has radiated at Moment of the birth of the Best Prophet.
That the ONE Who guided his heart by the Wisdoms grants Him His Prayer.
A Sublime Light by which that which was in the Mother of cities - Mecca -
which is the Best Sacred Surrounding wall saw Caesar's Palace.
The hall (of the Palace) of Choroes ( Kesra) cracked in this Night, 
while formerly its roof was so high towards Heaven of the ONE WHO HONORS.
To the point that the bed (Imperial rest) broke, because of a great terror struck, 
following the Light of Better creatures; LORD! grant Him Your Salute!
After a prayer without limit, to his family and his companions who are the righteous
and, for me, enlivens the Way, without hostility or pain.
Grant Prayer and Salute grants to the One who has obtained a Birth
that denounced the jealous in another the camp that we, and approved my services.
Her Glorious Birth is Holy and Respectful;
its celebration is mandatory for any leader.
Its celebration in accordance with the Sunnah (Tradition) leads us to Paradise;
by it, the benefits increase for the sincere glorifying.
Whoever celebrates the birth of our Prophet, that is the Gate of Good Guided,
he will never be subjected to Tomorrow Settlement Accounts; then, honors and glorifies the Birth.
Whoever celebrates the Birth of the Best Creature, in this case the  most Praised (Ahmad)
this one is as a martyr who fought at Badr, and without illusion.
Whoever makes a expending in connection with the celebration of its Honorable Anniversary , goods,
without wasting, even the equivalent of a "dirham".