This one is like someone who was present Day "Hunayn" patiently
and the Day of Badr, and who supported the Best Creature that facilitates understanding.
The One who celebrates the birth of our Prophet who is the Gate of Happy Tour,
will not be checked Tomorrow at the time of settlement of accounts disarming.
Whoever attends the Anniversary of the Birth of the Best of creatures,
by celebrating in communion, nn the rejoicing, with sugar or meat.
This one is certainly pledged to ensuring long-term joy
and it will not encounter any misfortune on the Day of Gathering of Communities.
The one who presents a meal to the one who sings or reads a liturgical text, to honor him, 
will gather the benefactions of people endowed with a strength of spiritual decision.
Th one who recites panegyrics, during the Birth celebration of the Best of creatures,
on something to anoint it, he shall see, this thing a growing increasingly blessed.
If someone recites on panegyrics water, during the Birth celebration of the Best of mankind,
drinking this water preserves of the Satan's machinations, by the Grace of Purified Creature.
The absorption of this water through the Fulfillled, illuminates the heart and invigorates it without blemish
and the one who absorbs it, will be preserved from misfortune.
The vivification [of the celebration] of the Birth of the Herald of Good news protects families and houses, 
it contains the hearts Remedy for every individual referring to his Direction.
That the ETERNAL Which immortalizes my enjoyment grants Its Prayer accompanied with an Eminent Salute for the Best of the human race, 
To his family and to his illustrious companions.
O YOU the INSPIRER Who favor of a Happy Outcome! Grant Prayer and Salvation to this Creature which is Over the others, 
both by the Physical Portrait and by the Moral Qualities.
He was of average size, of manifestly Harmonious Constitution;
He was not excessive corpulence and was neither brown nor white.
He was not chubby, not working askew,
in truth, it was the top-anyone descended from Adam.
He surpassed all the time anyone walked beside Him
He had the Wide Breast and laughed only by smiling.
He was Distinguished, Changing [by its different traits], its whiteness was slightly redness scrum
He had abundant eyelashes, he had spaced teeth, but vibrant.
He let escape a smile whose brightness was like a flash of lightning or a grain of cloud
and his laugh dispelled the darkness like torches in the darkness.
Its Figure was round, he had a fine belly,He was Radiant
Beautiful, of a colorful dyed, he articulated harmoniously his Words.
Its pure Cheeks seemed to be covered with a golden liquid,
He had a slender stature, his nose had a beautiful shape.
He had the perfect Ear, beautiful Eyes, very tidy teeth with a dazzling white,
two incisors separated with elegance and a face that faded anxiety.
It is clearly the more perfect creatures, physics and Moral point of view;
no one has ever seen and never we will not see his equal in his habits.
Our most Praised (Ahmad) is our Mercy; our Praising (Al Hamid) is our Benefaction; 
Our Praised (Al Mahmid) which is our Enjoyment, has a Generosity that defies showers.
Certainly I am addressing to the BEAUTIFUL (Al Jamil), by requesting in my words His Prayer on the Messenger, 
His Salute on the One who Unites and on his faction.
Grant Prayer and Salvation to the One who is Draped (Al Mudaththir), the Best Creature, the Enchanted, 
The lie eraser, which is purified, as well as to his family.
Grant Prayer and Salvation to the Wrapped in (Al Muzammil) the darkness sinker, whose comming was desired
The one who favors in Dons the solicitor, as well as to his companions.
Grant Prayer and Safety to the Servant of GOD, His Friend, who is God's Reminder, 
His Chosen, God's sword, as well as to his family.
Grant Prayer and Salvation to the One who formed the Party of GOD, His Benefaction, who isthe Gate of Good, 
who is His Way, God's Guided, as well as to his companions.
Grant Prayer and Salvation to our Lord, our Boss, our Example, 
Our Friend and our Intercessor, as well as to his family.
Grant Prayer and Salvation to the One who is All-Good High, Worthy of consideration, the Educator,
the Best Messenger and Prophet and to his companions.
Grant Prayer and Salvation to the Door of Benefactions, That one which is the Right Way, 
in this particular case Mouhammad, The best to Human Being, as well as to his family.
Grant Prayer and Salvation to the Glory of the Arabs, and one is the One who removed the afflictions
and who raised the ranks, and to his companions.
Grant Prayer and Salvation to the Eraser [sins], the Prosecutor who surrenders to God,
the Guarantor that leads us to the Right Way, and to his family.
Grant Prayer and Salvation to the Most scholar of scholars, the Lion of the enemies which cures hearts, 
Takes away the misfortunes, who is the Moon of the moons, as well as to his companions.
It is Him who delivers Talents to the one who comes and make request it;
and whoever goes to Him with a bad intention meet the danger and terror.
He is the one by which my hand is stretched out to my Lord, the MOST-USEFUL,
He provided me Talents by excellence, without the imperatives "give me" and "how much?".
He had the favor of the Miracles which have never been the preserve of a previous
and never will be for another who is coming, these benefits come from the (GOODNESS) of the ONE Who gives Superiority.
It is among its wonders: the salvation that He sent the rock to Him, the walking tree (to Him);
it belongs to Him the miracle of the splitting of the moon, by the GRACE the REMAINING, Who is the PRIMORDIAL.
An umbrella of clouds shaded Him, He had the faculty of seeing with front and behind;
his eye certainly was sleeping but his heart never went to sleep.
We count among his Miracles, that flies avoided his body and his clothes,
as the flattening of the difficulties by the GRACE of GOD Who grants the booty.
It is among his Miracles: the supplication of birds by his Grace, the camel who complained to him
and the outpouring of pure water, abundant, from his hand, He who possesses the Worthiness.
We heard the glorification of food in the palm of the hand of the Best of mankind;
the word that a deer addressed to Him, is certainly a Miracle that is worthy of respect.
The word of the Iguana, is a part of his Miracles, is reported by an Authentic Sentence;
the whine of the stump of a tree is counted among the Miracles of the Knighted.
Ridwan was use to make courtesy visits to his home, to worship Him;
It is among its Miracles the expedition of birds sent to mission against the haughtiness which glory themselves.
A perverse squaring among creatures walked to the Holy Temple of God to destroy Him,
by pure ignorance to the EXALTED.
And GOD, the MOST HIGH, reacted according to his WILL against the army of the latter,
through to the Prophet, and devoted their plot to fail.
Each of these superb died of wicked stone;
the Lord of creatures attacked them like a mouthful for an insatiable hungry.
It appeared among his Miracles: what happened in the Model cave
on Him, the Prayer of the ONE Who, through Him, guided those who understand.
With the spider wove its web next to a pigeon confirming its installation;
changing discreetly hiding the two persons, as if it was darkness.
The [prosecutors] infidels came [to the cave], exploring the footsteps of the Eraser (of sins)
and they found nothing about Him, then returned with grief.
And it is Him, the Owner of the Veils of the Dissimulation, that was together with most great spirit freed inside the cave; 
They were within reach of view and the prosecutors saw nobody.
The Protection of the WATCHFUL GUARD, the DEFENDER, dispense of any weapon.
every servant who reveres GOD, the BEST ASYLUM.