Seven (verses) prevent the doors open to all fire (down here and in the hereafter)
and they attract substantial donations in gold and silver coins.
To whoever knows how to think about it and imitate 
they are useful in the sense that they bring him the treasures of this world and the other one.
They close the seven gates of hell,
they are beneficial to every who knows meditate.
They make to realize useful wish
for every guide and for every student.
They hunt the accursed Satan away from their reading
through the guide that continues to help others.
They welcome the knowledge and do good works,
they are good for those who seek favors and hoping to receive it.
They help their reader to achieve these desires,
they provide salvation to the sons as to wives.
They protect against enemies,
against hunger and against epidemics.
They enhance the performance of the intellectual faculties.
They repel evil away from whoever recites it continuously and away the illusions and risks.
They facilitate the production of which is difficult to obtain
and they multiply good rewards in any permitted act. They put in righteousness and give reason.
They get the right to their reader
as well as they save from all misfortunes.
They open the gates of paradise.
They honor the person who recites them and ensure respect to him.
They bring a cure for every disease
as well as they bring the satisfaction of the desires of their reader.
They foil the evil plans of misleadings.
They bring their reader the best award and the best gain.
They multiply abundant of countries.
They exterminate those who try to oppress the party of the One.
They lead their reader to realize his dream.
They carry him away from the pride and towards the ideal.
They muzzle the evils
and prevent poor sales for the merchant.
They illuminate the heart of every virtuous,
and earned him the salary and happiness.
Whoever recites them  will see its desire certainly be realized
and whoever does not recite them will not be heard in its prayers.
Whoever recites them sincerely to please God
Who revealed them, will get a reward and security.
Whoever recites in the beginning of each business
will not be disappointed in his expectations, and did not fail.
Anyone in his desire to get a precious commodity,
recite them, will succeed through the Absolute Who gave me His beauty.
Whoever recites them when going to a prosperous and generous person,
the access to that person will not prohibited to him.
Whoever recites them in pious will be get the approval
of the one who excels in his eternity.
Peace and blessings on Muhammad,
upon his family and his companions who praise God continually.
From the one who put the Quran copied from the well-guarded table
between the hands of the Holy Spirit (Gabriel).
That The beautiful bless Muhammad and Gabriel and grant them salvation.
That He will be with me filling me with grace wherever I turn.
That He Bless both of them with consideration for the family of the Chosen,
and his companions out of love for Him and for the love of whoever was purified.
Blessing and Salvation upon all,
from the best Recognizing who raise and hears.
That the best blessings and the best peace be upon both of Them
as He taught it by the floor (in the Quran).