I entrust myself totally to the Master of the Throne, Lord of Generosity and Forgiveness,
in connivance with the Chosen the Most Pure (Al Mustafaa) and GOD perpetuates my purity.
I trust completely to Him who is the Chosen, the Best ONE (Al Mukhtaar) to the  GOD;
That both Prayers of the ONE Who erased my vanity, thanks to Him, be upon Him.
HE (GOD) has preserved me, through him (the Prophet), from the villainy, has agreed to perform my vows
and having to me an exclusive worship by which He has halted my mistakes.
I have taken the way of the servant by my eulogy to Muhammad;
upon Him the Prayer of God, as an He preserves my camp.
I got into the way of the servant by my praise to my Intermediate (Near GOD);
upon Him the two prayers of God Who has exalted his reputation.
Every man of science, of action or of merit is powerless to match
the Chosen the Most Pure (Al Mustafaa) in his character that is Highly Exalted.
He is prestigious, He make access to DIVINE conjunction, He is Arrived at the Close of GOD,
the Considerable which the companions through whom God delivered me from the fight.
He is Gracious, Giver, Tutor and Intermediatary
with the BEST Lord whose evocation erased my laxity.
He is Impeccable, Illustrious, Loyal to the maturity of his Promises
it is through Him that all unjust strayed from my neighborhood with fear.
He is a Holy Man, the Prophet of creatures and the Messenger of THE ONE
who take away from me the guilty and the perpetrator.
My attachment is vested in my Lord and to the One whose traces are followed (Al Muqaffaa), to his faction,
and all those who love them, and GOD is in my favor by the Forgiveness.
I entrust myself totally to the ETERNAL for Who I become a slave
and for Who I become the servant of the Best Creature, with perseverance and purity.
I earnestly seek the approval of the ONE Who protects all the time my completeness,
for the companions of the One whose love fills my heart.
LORD! Be Satisfied with the companions of the Prophet
and gives them the joy whenever a person who is prasing Him, recites my eulogy.
My beloved in both Residences are the Companions (of the Prophet)
through whom my Lord has removed to another than me, those are not cured (of vices).
GOD denies another than the Prophet to be their Lord,
they have slayed the infidels by exterminating them.
They are lions for enemies and torches in the darkness,
each is a brave hero, decapitating infidels.
Lions, whenever they are attacked by a rash,
this last one fells in loose, crying and forgetting his temerity.
O You the servant of the Best Chosen Elected (Al Mukhtar)! Do not forget his companions,
because whoever forgets them in his eulogy, thos is wrong.
Abuu Bakr the truthful, the man of truth and fidelity,
the companion of the Prophet, the Chosen the Most Pure (Al Mustafaa), the cave is a witness.
Abuu Hafsin the discriminator (Al Faaruuq) our lord (Umar) whose equal is rare,
it is through him that the religion of the Chosen the Most Pure (Al Mustafaa) has been fortified in its most shaken times.
There's there among the companions one resembling the son of Caffaan (our lord Uthman) who is imbued with modesty?
he has a light and then another, what a wonderful position!
The father of two small-son of the Best Elected Chosen (Al Mukhtaar)
He is his cousin (our lord Ali), is prominent and privileged; O what brave heroes!
O you companions of the Messenger of Allah! I am for myself his servant
loving you for the love of GOD, and GOD is the witness.
The love of God kept me lean towards what is not selected
He is a good SUPERVISOR! - and certainly the truth is the most suitable thing.
I banished the false, being a slave to my Lord only
and servant of the One that languages ​​are powerless to praize properly.
I demolished the edifice of falsehood with Truth,
doing the eulogy of one whose the Singularity of the character is upon any other character.
My ambition is the evocation and permanence in recognition Towards God, being the servant of the Best of humans;
He is perfect, man adorned with the virtues!
He is the Prophet-Messenger, is the Best Servant and Lord,
He is the Intimate Friend and the Beloved, his equal not to be found anywhere.
It is the Interlocutor, the Closer, the Evocative and the Grateful,
He is a generous and honorable who practice charity by noble and generous actions.
He is the Pure, the Pious, the Righteous, Hee is the Repairman
and the Bearer of good news for those who are submitted to God by the Truth.
It is the Famous, the Polite, the Chaste, Well-Educated,
the Warning for those who manifest negation and sin of the association.
He is good advisor, without malice, He is a Learned Well Educated,
He is a Munificent who speaks softly.
Although He is Well-bred, Wonderful, He is laborious, He is the devotee, He is the prescribed and proscribed,
He is who constantly attached to charity.
He is the Head, He is Vigilant, He is the respondent, He is pure of all vices,
He is the Messiah, He is the Guardian that clears and beautifies.
It is Well-Born, Glorious, Rich in donative, He is the Head of creatures,
He is the archetype (of humanity) "an-Naas" and Balance (al Mizaan); That is solidly well firmed up!
He is a Prophet to the  ImmeasurableDignity well known,
He is the Chosen the Most Pure (Al Mustafaa), the Best Chosen (Al Mukhtaar) and He is indeed the Nominee.
His Prophecy existed before the creation;
So he had a primacy while Grandfather Adam was latent in the mud.
It is the Helping, the Very-Glorious, He is the one which sends (to GOD), the one who goes to Him,
It is Eminent Précellent, Bountiful and Preacher.
My good, my life and my happiness, without difficulty,
will be provided to me by quality of servant to the Chosen the Most Pure (Al Mustafaa).
His exhortation came to me secretly and manifestly
and it is through Him that the CLEMENT granted me a veil that immunizes me.
I aim the Approval of the CLEMENT, in the service
that I render to Him Who has removed from my way those who  are not submitted.
GOD expelled far from my neighborhood the jealous in the name of the Prophet
and led away from me those who are lost in conjectures.
The UNIQUE DOMINATOR defended me through Him against the enemies who,
one by one or in pairs, are dispersed and are softened.
I have, by his grace, planted a land whose products are pure;
upon Him the two Prayers of the BEST PROVIDER Who firms.
His Moral Purity has completely freed me of vanities
and, if it please my Lord, I would animate his Tradition.
I acquired the purity of the soul through my capacity as a slave to my Lord and servant of the Prophet,
and through Him, the MANAGER purified my life and my home.
I intend to return grace of what I am favored, by the service  of the Best of the human beings; 
That It is Right, the Indicated Model!