O Lord full of love! Be forever in my favor, by Your infinite Love,
And preserve me from damage and trouble.
You have dispelled from me the evil and the prejudices
and you have accepted all my pious works.
The reward of the Eternal Lord went to me,
as well as the gratitude of His Holy Emeritus.
My only patrimony is the exclusive Cult of God and the praise of His Messenger,
upon him the salvation of the Lord who absolves sins.
O Lord! By the grace of the chosen Prophet, grant Your Pardon to all those
who love me for the only Face of God, the Eternal Sovereign and Absolute Holder of Time.
O Beneficent Lord! Gratify Your Advantages, through my person, to all those who have attached themselves to me.
O Thou who by the intermediary of the Prophet guided and favored me.
I implore You, by the grace of the Prophet Chosen by excellence, to give access to Paradise
and to preserve the honor of whoever has attached himself to me.
By Your Honorable Face, may You grant me all that I solicit from You.
O You Who alone knows my completeness!
O Lord! To You address my words, while being assured to be Your friend
and a beloved blessed with Your benefits ...
You have certainly guided me on the Way of the Virtuous
and have gratified me with the benefits granted to the holy Saints.
You have softened, by the grace of the Elected Prophet, my heart
and realized all my aspirations.
You have given the creative power in all that rejoices me;
I will express to You infinitely my gratitude.
The Generous Lord has undeniably honored me with His pure favors,
by the grace of the purified Prophet.
The Chosen Prophet Chosen by excellence, sis Family
and his Companions have procured me favors having spared me of the baggary and any need.
May the salvation of the Eternal Lord, having provided me with gifts, be accodated to the Prophet,
to His Family and his Companions who accompanied me during my journey at sea.
O You the Generous! Grant an infinite reward to all those will be firmly attached to my wird,
while complying with its conditions.
O Lord! Save all murids
in your impregnable Fortress and preserve their unity.
May you subdue their fleshly souls, all together,
apart from any prejudice and accept all my actions.
Grant Your Pardon to anyone who goes to my person
and do not deprive them of Your Blessings.
O You who subdued for me the sovereigns and their auxiliaries!
Through me, provide mine of Your Advantages. O You who hast filled me with Yours Favors!
Favor me beyond any hope.
O You who, like no other, grant self-sufficiency and distribute the Benefits!
Let it be so, as long as the Peace and the most excellent of the Salutes fulled with love
will be ensured to the Prophet who dispelled for ever the evil and the troubles ...