Praise to God and may He always bless
the One, by consideration of which the right path seemed us good.
Our Master Mohamed his Family
And his Companions who have the favor of the Ruler.
I express myself this day praying to God
by the names of superiors.
And I declare You the nearer who fulfills,
bless the one whose honor you respond favorably.
O You the Generous, accept by Him my poem, and grant what I desire,
by consideration for Him, one who prays to You in low spirits and with fervor.
O You my Lord! In the name of the prophets Noah and Abraham (Ibrahima),
forgive all my sins. Keep away Satan the rejected, from me.
O You my Lord! In the name of the prophets Moise (Musa) and Jesus
be my protector here below and in the Hereafter.
O You my Lord! For consideration to Mohammed, the Messenger of God.
May Your Best Blessings be upon Him.
Then upon them, grant me a religious faith accompanied by the external practice
of the Mohammedan cult and accompanied by decency.
Out of respect for the caliphs of Mohamed: Abu Bakr and Umar
offer me your help and the purity of the worship that is for you.
By Osman the companion of the two lights
and Haliun the father of Hassan and Hussein.
Grant me in Here and the Hereafter
the light, the elevation and the privileges.
By Tahalta and Zoubeiri
and by Sahd, save me from harm.
By Sahid and Ibnu Hawf
deliver me from all the trials I fear.
By Abi Houbeidata, brings what is useful
to me, and remove me from that which annihilates.
By Abdulahi posterity of the paternal uncle
That is to say, the son of Abass, increase my knowledge.
By Abdulahi son of Umar,
dismiss me with asuity from that which attracts evil.
By Ibnu Mas-hud and Ibnu Salam,
preserve me from the affliction and misfortune from the eyes and from the word.
O our Lord! By Abass and Hamzah,
keep me away from every misfortune.
By Hassan and Hussein,
give me the gift of the two lights in the two dwellings.
By Khassim then Tahir,
purifies my exterior and my conscience.
By Tahib, Abrahm (Ibrahima),
prolong my profit, gaiety and action of honor.
By Fatima, dishabit me
of all that drags me to prison.
By Rukhayatou and Zeinab, take me away
at all times of pursuit and veil.
Teach me down Here and Thereafter the nobility of character
and by Umu Kalsum rule me out from punishment.
By Awsibni Hamirin and Haram,
and by Masrukh accepts my poems.
By Rabih and for the honor of Aswad,
grant me righteousness and restore my work.
By Hamir son of Habidi-Rahmani
and Abi Maslamatal Khawlani.
Gratify me with Forgiveness, Felicity, the Recognition of God
and the practice of religious duties.
By Hassanil Bisriyou, give me the fear of God
dnd deprive me of whims and innovations.
By Abu Hurayta, Bilal
and Shuhaib, grant me my Lord, the grace.
Accepted my religious practices and heal me of any disease
secretly and openly by Abu Darda-i.
By Mikhdad, then Khalid
and Zoubeiri, grant me my intentions.
By the emir of the believers Umar,
preserve me from cunning, disagreement, and seduction.
By the Commander of Combatants
Haliun who helped the religion.
By Sahd and Hurwa
increase my attachment to the safe protection.
By Khassim, then Kharidja,
increase my ways of acting to Muhammad, the Elect.
By Abu Bakr and Abdulahi,
raise more for me by favor, his possessions.
By Salomon preserve me from the tricks of Satan
and of all machinations, and be an assistant to me.
By our Mother Khadidjah, grant me my Lord
hope in knowledge, politeness and action.
By our Mother Haishatou, preserve me
of all that hurts me on earth and in heaven.
By our Mother Hafsatu, always interpose yourself
between me and what attracts evil and harassment.
By our Mother Zeinab, embellish my outside
and my interior and make me an asylum.
By Malik, Chafihiyu, Abu-Hanifah,
Hanifata and Ahmed, fullfill me.
By the grace of the Angel Gabriel, respond favorably to my request
and carry me to the highest degree of the greatests.
By the grace of the angel Mikahil, give me the favors
and benefits and make them as an abundant rain.
By the grace of the Ange Israfil, grant me virtue
and protect me from the horrors of the day of astonishment.
O the Good, be for me by grace of Azrael
all my life and also after the departure.
Make my intercession for the one who invokes that
the happiness of the two mansions and by honor for this (interecession),  forgive me.
Give me and to the one who pushed me
to compose this poem, the protection and satisfaction,
happiness and preservation
of all the misfortunes as well as the solicitude,
the deliverance of the interrogation of punishment, anxieties
of death, of the Last Judgment, My Lord,
the good news and the joy
at the moment of our death and resurrection.
Bless and greet the Prophet
and his Family with the noble Companions.
Forgive my parents and all my family
and all my companions, You who hearest.
Forgive all those under my guardianship
and affirm my preservation, O You my Lord.
Treat us with benevolence, strengthen us,
se for us and give us a good end our Lord.
Bless and grant your salvation to the Prophet,
Satisfy by Him the need of every Muslim.