I really walked, during my walking towards the Exile, together with Virtuous People of Badr,
while my persecutors were convinced that I was their prisoner ...
I walked in fact towards GOD together with the Prophet and with his Great Companions
because my walk item cannot have any other goal that GOD HIMSELF ...
My journey to God has been facilitated by the Prophet who guided me to the GENEROUS LORD, 
for whom achieving my ambitions remains infinitely easier.
Gratitude that I express through my pen, my heart and all the members of my body is for God,
The ONE who Showed himself Fabulously liberal towards me and who is the DESERVING of GRATITUDE.
My Support as well as my Support and my Rampart against the enemies result me from GOD,
The VERY-WIDE, the BEST DONOR who Remains the Incomparable AUXILIARY...
During my journey, I walked under the command of the Prophet, 
my Commander in whose service I vowed and is worthy of leading the Servant I am.
My reward for the service I have been doing for the Chosen Prophet returned to GOD,
DONOR by excellency to care to reward His servants.
My only ambition is to be promoted to the rank of perfect slave of God, the Lord of the Throne, the UNIQUE,
and the Privileged Servant of the Prophet, the Best Creature, the Alarm.
The SUPREME PROTECTOR will pay me for all the agonies that made me undergo my persecutors
and for all the misfortunes [during this service] because He is the Most Excellent retributive.
My ultimate aim is to be raised to the dignity of captive of GOD and to the degree of Archetypal Servant of the Prophet;
and certainly the affairs of creatures will not miss to end in GOD...
Months and the days of my existence will testify all in the Afterlife 
of my quality of Authentic Slave of GOD, THE ONE Who makes illustrious.
Sails guaranteeing my honor in Both Houses consist in renting
Muhammad in my panegyrics in rhymes or in prose; what excellent Sails!
My seeds are God's Book and the Prophetic Tradition thanks to whom
I was protected from all that excludes the good seed.
My houses were emptied and, mine, I was brutally separated in virtue [from the Service to which dedicates me]
The Panegyric of the Prophet for which no apology is able to rent aptly the Advantages.
The machinations contrived by hostile people deceived the colonists to the point that they gave free rein to their imagination, 
yet this one is often source of false ideas...
As for me, far from me turn to them [for fear] I directed my face to my LORD HIM expressing my repentance for sins
and defects because it remains the Archetypal ABSOLVER.
To HIM I repens me to have turned to one other than HE 
and conclude with HIM a Pact [of exclusive Worship] which I make solemnly a commitment to respect.
In front of HIM I make act of Repentance and Oath of Allegiance [to His holy Messenger], expecting to obtain His Satisfaction; 
certainly, endless Thanks will be sent to Him, from me.
I was surprised by a proceeding Happiness of HIM, so I wished to thank Him for it,
HE to Whom I owe this purity and a happy existence.
In my heart reside [Secrets on the ensuing Favors] of His Enjoyment, Secrets which I keep affectedly in me and, 
certainly, the breast of the man can be also dumb as a grave...
To GOD, my ABSOLUTE RULER, I send Praise and express HIM my satisfaction and my gratitude to have sealed so well my Mystery;
So has it full knowledge only HE who, in any thing, is WELL-INFORMED...
I thoroughly endorse HIM as LORD HIM Who subjects with ease what pleases Him to whom HE pleases;
Him is really the ALMIGHTY!
I am honored to have HIM as MASTER Who pushed away the enemies of my person 
and who poured it on His basket of Benefits despite its insignificance.
I am sufficient HIM as LORD and MASTER, HE Who made me reach my objectives, 
so am I, this day, a poor humble praising his Benefactor.
I entirely confided HIM my affairs, the serene heart and, even solitary in the middle of the enemies,
I conceive no doubt that HE Remains perfectly CLEAR-SIGHTED.
Certainly my only companions during this exile at sea were the Book of God, the Chosen Prophet by Excellency 
and His Brave Companions.
In my panegyrics, I addressed directly to the Prophet and, although based in Medina,
I lived in constant cohabitation with Him and did not stop visiting Him.
I talked to Him who, for ever, will remain my Guide
and of its complacency in my Service, my heart felt a big enjoyment...
I had an interview with him at sea,
when I reached the end of my journey towards GOD and His Prophet, the Chosen, the Illuminator.
O Messenger of Right Way! You calm my soul here and in the Afterlife;
You remain undoubtedly deserving of my eulogies as You are him of the Prayer(Salat-ala-Nabi).
Request with my CREATOR that HE grants me, among the Favors which I return on dry land, 
that to subject all the enemies, O You which warns dangers of the Afterlife!
Ask my CREATOR that he hastens my return to mine according to my expectations 
because it is infinitely well-to-do to the GENEROUS SOVEREIGN...
May He grant you the Peace and the Salute, in the same way as in Yours 
and to Your Companions [who the brightness challenges the magnificence] of the full moon...
That the Peace and the Salute emanating from GOD are assured You, O Hope of my heart!
You whose abundance of the invocations is following the example of the oceans...
Help me! Help me! O my intercessor! O my Guide!
Assist me down here and the Afterlife, the Day when the sky will disappear...
Deliver me from perverts and free me from [ this exile] at sea by returning me on dry land to find my Virtuous [ Muslim brotherhoods];
You live, of course, the Bringer of Good News ...
Delight in a close term, through me, all Muslims
and illuminates through me the Islam, O You Who illuminate!
May Peace and the Salute of GOD be eternally insured That outside
of whom we cannot hope to find better comfort.
The Prophet Muhammad, the Best of creatures if the whole,
my intercessor that preserves and illuminates my Completeness.
In the same way as to his Family and to his Companions, these intrepid Lions in front of the enemy 
which make beat a retreat all those who heading towards me animated bad intentions.
May GOD show Satisfied with [Abu Bakr], the Intimate Friend of the Messenger of God,
the Truthful, how he remained faithfully at his side the day they walked towards to the cave ...
May the LORD show an immense satisfaction to [Umar] his Brave Two-edged sword,
the one who disentangled the truth from falsehood, his Honorabl Assistant, the way he pushed the unbelievers ...
From the ALMIGHTY I request the Approval in favour of [ Uthman], the Holder of Both Torches, 
the Patient, of the way he acquired the Light in Two Worlds...
That the most excellent Approval is assured [ Ali], the illustrious father of two grandsons of the Prophet, 
the way he defetead the enemy of his tithe sword ...
On all the Companions of the Prophet the Satisfaction of their LORD,
in the excellent manner in which they fought the transgressors - what fatal party that disbelief!
It is through their grace that I discount the assistance of God, my MASTER,
to reject these idolaters who, in their arrogance, proclaim the Trinity of God.
They were convinced, when I lived alone among them [in exile],
that I was their prisoner, and they went astray all absolutely ...
Really they swam in the error and it was in fact them the captives of Satan and their passions;
as for me, my walking could not go to one other than MASTER of the Throne - Excited He Is!
I walked in fact, in my capacity as servant to ONE who owns the earth and the sea 
and never my trip could not have for object the perverts!
My walking has for purpose the BEST DONOR - that Its GREATNESS Is glorified
and never I shall walk towards one other than the NOBLE LORD!
I bound myself to the Koran, the Unbreakable Rope, by reading it continuously
and to the Prophet, the Safe Cable which is pure Light ...
By this Holy Livre I returned, proceeding of my LORD
in the purest uniqueness even as Christians around me and unfurled the waves of the sea ..
This Book is my treasure, my fortune and my provisions and my viaticum down here
it is thanks to her I will be preserved Fire and ruin the in Afterlife ...
It is an Honorable Book, emanating from HONORABLE LORD knowing how to Honor
transmitted to a Honorable slave [the Prophet] who guide the servant that I am ..
It is a Majestic book, from a MAJESTIC LORD knowing to make august,
transmitted to an Augustus slave [the Prophet] who defeated the infidels...
That is granted to the Prophet thanks to whom reached us the Book which warns
on the dangers of the Afterlife a Prayer which protects me for ever from the evil where that I can walk...