You, the Eternal Taler, tender for me the heart of kings,
Protect me against Satan and against the traitor.
I hope to receive protection and help from You,
a freely consented help that I would have deserved from You.
You protected me from the attempts of my enemies and their allies.
Spare me the hatred and the misunderstanding.
Forgive me all my sins and fulfill all my vows,
and by Your Power, at the same time remove from me all kinds of vileness.
Help me to rid myself of all prohibited vices,
by You, erase from me all that makes ugly or is unclean.
By the greatness of him who is the chosen one and of whom I am the servant, help me constantly to rid myself of all faults,
erase from me everything that can degrade, through my poems, my novels, prayers and meditations.
Fullfill the vows of my soul and erase from me all error,
erase from me all vilnesses and complete all that embellishes me.
Accept and fulfill the vows I make at Touba,
Touba where I built and where through You Alone I was able to build.
I turn this Saturday to thank Him
Whom by the only will, creates or undoes.
The Creator, the Clement, the Merciful, the Almighty,
I implore the felicity and facility in the dwelling.
Increases my knowledge so as to make me happy,
Give me a blanket, give me and make the brave soften.
O You The One, The Ideal, The Almighty who braves everything,
subdue the heart of those who appropriate themselves by the strength the property of others.
It is my duty to entrust You, The Generous, to thank You
thanks for forgetting You "Yakhot" and "Mardiane".
O You the Celeste, the Most Great,the Most Wise;
You are my Ideal, You The Patient, The Generous, You are the Source of any knowledge.
By the Greatness of Your Names, make me superior to all those who,
yesterday, were opposed (in a battle) to the truths of all times.
I seek in You what You have bestowed on the best creatures,
by allowing them to fight all their enemies under all circumstances.
Make me enjoy all my desires, You The Generous,
serve me as a rampart against my enemies and let them persist in their attitude.
Poor as I am, I come to seek refuge with You,
satisfy my requests, be with me today, open the doors to me so that I may become rich.
By the greatness of the chosen one (Muhammad), open the doors for me,
the doors of happiness that alone give me real happiness.
Grant me generosity, felicity and piety
with the greatest happiness, O You whose greatness is incontestable.
Spare my life against all that can harm,
devote my life to giving me only to You.
Make me enjoy everything I hope for in my research
Make me generous and disinterested.
Give me the opportunity to hear and constantly keep me apart,
as You have already done to the servants who have preceded me.
Let me know the truth, and put me in constant contact with it,
as You have already done to the faithful servants who have preceded me.
Be a rampart for me, soften the heart of all my enemies so that they can do nothing against me,
help me and lead the young and old towards me.
I abandoned yesterday all archaic and banished practices,
make me enjoy the good and at all times.
Let me discover the wonders and educate me in endurance,
make me avoid disbelief and spare me from ignorance.
O Lord, Source of light, enlighten me the wonders,
Lord Source of light directs the fool and the ignorant towards me (that I enlighten them).
A brand reception that lasts forever,
And help me to make Touba a real presence.
An honorable reception was reserved for me at sea,
as on earth, after they had made me a true scholar of the Koran.