The wind rescued him, as did the spears,
while he contented himself with his Lord Who honors outside of arms.
O YOU my Lord! Grant Prayer and Salvation all the time to the Prophet, the Most Praised (Ahmad)
his well-guided family and his companions.
O YOU my Lord! Grant Prayer and salvation all the time the Prophet Worshipper,
to his family owner of gifts and his companions.
O YOU my Lord! Grants Prayer and Salvation at any moment to Your Honorable Messenger,
to his family endowed with conviction and his companions.
O YOU my Lord! Grant prayer and salvation in time to one who erased the Evil,
to his very happy family and his companions.
O YOU my Lord! Grant Prayer and Salvation all the years to the Prophet, the best of men,
to his family, forever, and his companions.
O YOU my Lord! Grant Prayer and Salvation during every hour to the Eloquent who is quiet,
to his devoted family and his companions.
O YOU my Lord! Grant Prayer and Salvation every day to the Prophet who is the pride of the descendants of "Nizar"
to his glorious family and his companions.
O YOU my Lord! Grant Prayer and Salvation all mornings during to the Righteous Prophet
and to his triumphant family, and his companions.
Grant Prayer and Salavation as well as during the afternoon the night - O YOU who is HOLY! -
to the Leader of leaders, the Best Creature who is my ladder (spiritual).
O YOU my Lord! Grant Prayer and Salvation eternally to the Prophet,
to the his family and honorable companions and agrees with him, my versification.
Grant Your Prayer to the Lion who brought Solution the Day of Badr
with his Orthodoxes companions, beacause He honored his Great Promise.
Grants Salvation and Glory to the Full Moon which dispelled the darkness of hearts,
to the holders of higher degrees and his faction.
The Best of men emerged among the Best faction to the haughtiness,
and that, as a moon among the stars.
The Day the fighting was fierce, the day when the battle was at its height,
the Day when brave men became known, the Day of Approval and Disgrace.
That Day was triumphant for men of Righteousness, a benefit for those who want to rise to a higher rank
and a virtuous day for any subjected person.
A day when the LORD of  creatures gave the Forgiveness to all who took part in combat,
of their insignia and venial sins.
The companions who are men intended for happiness met that day the rebels condemned to misery;
and they were all [companions] furious lions, highly resolved.
They [the companions] were all deliberately rushed to death, each one showing bravery
seeking the meeting or stumbling, for the love of the Eraser anxiety.
They assaulted those whose the Most eminent of the Intercessors had predicted death for them,
in the point where the dust failed lifted up between cowardly and brave.
Then came from Heaven Horses and a Very Grand Army
for the Head ofthe honorables, for happiness without concern.
The Lord rescued him in staff [to honor Him] by Angels Army of Great Importance
but not for the battle; They decimated the presumptuous.
It is among these Angels, when they arrived,
His Glorious friend Gabriel, the Excellent Support, riding a Gigantic stallion.
They were eager for confrontation, armed with swords and spears,
by love of virtue and happiness, behind More Eminent Leader.
And among them, there was the Clairvoyant, our happy Lord
the most sincere of those who believe in the Well Known Hashemite.
The great true, the mighty, the revered, his very patient companion in the cave,
in addition to the Company of God, the VERY SAVANT.
And among them, there was the recipient of the Good News in every act of justice, our Lord Umar,
the consultated, which is the glory of all Muslims.
There were also among them, the one who married the two daughters of Chief of Virtuous -
which are two lights - since he got the happiness of forgiveness from sin.
Our Lord adorned with virtues, in this particular case Uthmân, whom they murdered 
while he read the Sacred Book of the SUPPLIER of Don.
And also among them, the destroyer of idolatry, father Al Husayn and Al Hasan,
"The door of science"; he is the son-in (the Prophet), the father of the noble stars.
Our knighted Lord, his Ali is badge,
the killer of enemies, the intrepid, the eraser of misfortune and sadness.
It is in this day we acquired the guarantee against anxiety,
against the pain and shame, against sadness and regret.
Since that day we can do without wars of conquest without being despised, until to Paradise;
and it is since that day that the time is pleased to us with the Approval of the service.
What do we praise God therefore for our deliverance from those who hate us
and for any evil, whatever it is, thanks to the Chosen the Most Pure who Attendant to the First Rank!
I address to the BEAUTIFUL for the accoubt of the Prophet, for his honest family 
and his companions, without cloudiness, by telling HIM: grant them Your Prayer and Your Salvation.
O YOU our Lord! O YOU our Lord! O YOU our FRIEND! O YOU our LOVE!
Grant Prayer and Salvation to our Lord Muhammad.
And his family, his companions and all those who beacome attached to Him
among the saints of his faction and approved my pen.
Approve the noble companions of an Approval which realizes me the wishes
and be in my favor - the O YOU MASTER of creatures - without enmity or pain.
Approve my prayer upon our Lord, the Gate of Greatness,
and accept this poem for Your FACE Who Honore.
O YOU our Lord! Grant Prayer and Salavation the Best Prophet Messenger
Muhammad, and increases the size of the Community.
O YOU our Lord! Grant Prayer and Salvation to the Best Messenger who is "Precellent",
Muhammad, and honeyed my writing.
O YOU our Lord! Grant Prayer and Salvation to the Best Prophet certainly Sublime,
Muhammad, and accept Him through my writing.
O YOU our Lord! Grant Prayer and Salvation to the Best Exalted Messenger,
Muhammad, and improves my situation thanks to him.
O YOU our Lord! Grant Prayer and Salvation to the Best Certified Intercessor,
Muhammad and realize my purpose in Him.